Scene: The episode starts with a distant view of the Heeler car on the highway, before cutting to the front of the car with Chilli driving the kids off to Nanas.
Bingo: Where are we going?
Chilli: We're dropping you kids at Nana's remember?
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray! TV!
Bandit: No TV.
Bluey: But why not?
Bandit: Cause you've been watching it all morning!
Bluey: But what are we meant to do?
Bandit: I don't know, use your imagination and draw some pictures.
Bluey: I don't know what to draw?
Chilli: Oh nonsense.
Bluey: Don't worry Bingo, Nana will let us watch TV!
Chilli: I heard that.
Bluey: Hey hang on, why aren't you coming to Nanas?
Chilli: Because you and your dad want to spend some time together!
Bluey: What?! Without us?
Bandit: Yeah, hard to believe isn't it?
Bluey: What are you gonna do?
Bandit: Well were gonna lie in comfy hammocks wearing sunglasses!
Scene: From this point, it will switch through drawings and back in the car within this point.
Chilli: Drinking from coconuts with those little umbrellas.
Bandit: With no kids allowed.
Scene: A sign pops down with both the kids face in drawings with little X signs on them.
Chilli: Yea, no kids allowed!
Bluey and Bingo: What?!
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Escape!
Bingo: This is outrageous!
Bluey: Yea we're gonna come and join in! You can't stop us!
Chilli: Oh no, here come the kids!
Bingo and Bluey: Yaahh!
Bandit: Well a huge wall pops up, and its ten hundred meters tall!
Chilli: Nice one, Dad.
Bluey: A wall? Why?
Bandit: I told you, no kids allowed!
Bluey: Well, we hire an eagle to fly us up over the wall!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bandit: Aww, what?
Chilli: Well, on the other side of the wall with a huge prickle bush with big prickles!
Bandit: Oh, good thinking!
Chilli: And, you can't pay the eagle again because you ran out of money! And anyway, he's on the toilet!
Bingo: Well then, I brought a lawnmower with me and I'm gonna mow the prickle bush down! Mooowwww!
Bandit: Oh no!
Bluey: Good one Bingo!
Chilli: Well, we go down this secret tunnel to our underground beds.
Bandit: Which also has hammocks.
Bluey: Well we go down the tunnel too!
Chilli: You can't, there's a manhole cover, which is locked.
Bluey: Well I get an axe and chop a hole in it!
Chilli: It's made of metal, your axe breaks.
Bluey: Hmm what chops through metal?
Bandit: Uh, diamond?
Chilli: Bandit don't help them!
Bandit: Sorry!
Bluey: Hehe! We use a diamond axe and chop through it!
Bingo: Hurray!
Bandit: Aww no!
Chilli: Quick! Time to bail! We get in a car.
Bandit: Yea, but a cool car. Let's go let's go let's go!
Bingo: Bluey let's get in the dream house car!
Bluey: Ohh yeahh.
Bandit: The what?
Bluey: The dreamhouse car. It's like a giant dream house on wheels!
Bingo: Yeah and it's got 11 burger shops.. and 20 bedrooms, and 40 toilets.. and a spa on the balcony!
Bandit: Who's driving it?
Bluey: Butlers.
Bandit: Butlers?! Oh no, punch it mum!
Chilli: Punching it!
Bluey: Faster butlers!
Scene: Intense car pursuit.
Bandit: C'mon their gaining!
Chilli: I can't go any faster!
Scene: The pursuit continues.
Bluey: Hi.
Scene: Chilli screams.
Bandit: Right that's it, we drive into the airport, get in the helicopter and we fly off!
Chilli: See ya later!
Bluey: Well.. we push a button which makes the wheels on the dream house turn into rockets so we fly into the air!
Scene: Motorcyclist Butlers fall down to the ground screaming
Chilli: Who made this thing?
Bluey: Jerry Lee, he's our science butler.
Scene: Jerry Lee presses a button that causes a plunger to shoot out to the current pursuing helicopter to stick to them to catch up.
Chilli: Aah! Dad, get out of here!
Bandit: I'm trying! I just need to learn how to fly this thing.
Scene: The girls giggle.
Chilli: That's it, we're punching out!
Bluey: Oh so do we! But.. we have special parachutes that still have the spa attached to them. And Jerry Lee is there fanning us.
Scene: The girls laugh.
Chilli: I'm unsure how Jerry Lee earns his money.
Bandit: Well we leg it!
Bingo: We throw cupcakes at you!
Chilli: Oh good! I eat them.
Bandit: And we're getting away!
Bluey: But... you run into a big cliff that is that is a million million miles high!
Bandit: We're trapped!
Scene: Bluey and Bingos mini spa parachute lands.
Bluey and Bingo: Thanks Jerry Lee!
Bluey: Aha! You've got nowhere to run now! Hehe..
Chilli: Ok, you win. We give up, you caught us.
Bluey: Uh, no. You have to keep trying to get away.
Bandit: What?
Chilli: But you caught us. We'll play with you.
Bingo: No um, we like it when you run away from us
Bandit: Aw don't be silly give us a hug.
Bluey and Bingo: Noooo!
Bluey: Run Bingo!
Bandit: Quick! They're getting away!
Bluey: We run as fast as we can!
Chilli: We're chasing you!
Bingo: We jump on our scooter that's electricity!
Chilli: Well we get on our scooter that's electricity, but we've paid Jerry Lee to pull us on a motorbike too!
Bluey: Argh Jerry Lee you work for us!
Bandit: Yea but not anymore! We gave him our coconut drinks so he likes us better now!
Bingo: We scoot to the place where rockets take off and we jump in one, and take off to space.
Chilli: Yea but we jump onto the tail.
Scene: Bandit knocks on the rocket window.
Bandit: We just want to loove you!
Scene: The kids giggle.
Bingo: Well we go up to space!
Bluey: Yeah where there is no air!
Chilli: Dad quick! Take a big breath!
Bluey: They can't hold it forever.
Scene: The parents inhale and hold their breath, with it switching from drawing and back to the car a few times, and then exhaling, and proceeding to let go and fall back.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Chilli: Aww you got away!
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray! We win!
Bingo: We're gonna live on the moon!
Chilli: Well done.
Scene: Both giggling, when at that point they pull up to Nanas.
Bandit: We're here!
Nana: Hi girls!
Scene: It cuts to Nanas apartment.
Chilli: Have fun with Nana!
Bluey and Bingo: We will!
Bandit: Thanks mum.
Nana: You two make the most of it. It's not easily getting time to yourselves.
Chilli: It certainly isn't. See ya kids.
Bluey and Bingo: See ya!
Scene: The parents leave as Nana closes the door.
Bingo: Nana can we watch TV?
Nana: Well ok. If that's what you want!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bluey: No Bingo let's draw!
Bingo: Oh ok.
Nana: Oh, well ok. I'll get the pens and paper.
Scene: It cuts to them drawing with Nana on the couch watching them.
Nana: Ooh. And what's this one, Bingo?
Bingo: It's the dream house car, that's what we chased Mum and Dad in.
Nana: Oh, the dream house car.
Bingo: That's the spa, see? It has a little dome in it. Hehehe.
Nana: Oh it does too.
Bluey: And this is Jerry Lee.
Nana: Oh, Jerry Lee parachuting, got it.
Bluey: He's is one of our butlers.
Bingo: And this is us on the moon!
Nana: Oh goodness you kids got good imaginations.
Bluey and Bingo: Yes Nana.
Nana: I don't know where you get your ideas from.
Scene: The shot goes up with both Bandit and Chilli on the hammocks with coconut drinks with the little umbrellas with it.
Scene: The credits roll, it shows Bingo and Bluey in drawing form, dancing around with the OST playing while the entire drawing chasing scene.
<|endoftext|>
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Stickbird.
Scene: The episode opens with an aerial shot of a beach.  The beach has several shallow pools, and there is a wooded area across a small stream.  Bingo, Bluey, Bandit, and Chilli are walking towards the water.
Scene: The scene cuts to ground level.  Bluey and Bingo run across the screen, followed by Bandit and Chilli who are carrying beach gear.  Bluey and Bingo's faces have been painted with stripes of pink and green zinc oxide.  Bingo does a spin as she runs, and Bluey does a cartwheel.
Bluey: Whoo!
Bingo: Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Scene: The scene cuts to one of the shallow pools.  Bluey and Bingo run through it, splashing.
Bingo: (giggles)
Bluey: Wooo!
Scene: Bingo turns and splashes Bluey with her hands.  They both run off.
Scene: The scene changes to show Bingo and Bluey building a sandcastle, decorated with seashells.  Bluey plants a pine twig in the top as a flag.  Chilli enters from screen right, brandishing a crab claw.
Chilli: Ya!
Bluey and Bingo: Ah!
Scene: They take off running.  The scene changes to show Bandit under an umbrella with the beach gear.  He's got a mermaid tail made of sand, and is staring into the distance.  Chilli chases Bluey and Bingo across the screen with the crab claw.
Bluey and Bingo: Aaaaah!
Scene: Bandit does not react.
Scene: The scene changes to an aerial view of Bluey and Bingo using sticks to draw on the beach.  They've drawn a love heart with a smiley face.
Scene: The scene changes to a close up of a stick.  Bingo's hand picks it up.
Bingo: Ooh.
Scene: The scene changes to show Bluey and Bingo at the edge of a pool.  Bluey picks up a stick as well.
Bluey: Let's see how far we can throw it.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo throws the stick almost straight down, into the pool at her feet.  Bluey tries a sidearm throw, but releases too late and throws it straight up to land behind her.
Bluey: Whoo!
Bingo: Mmm.  Not very far.
Scene: The shot pulls back to show Chilli and Bandit sitting under the umbrella behind Bluey and Bingo.  Bandit is still staring into space.  Chilli is sitting on a beach chair, reading a book.
Chilli: (amused) Who taught you kids how to throw?
Bluey: No-one.
Chilli: (to Bandit) You want to handle this?
Scene: Bandit does not react.  Chilli snaps her fingers by his head.
Chilli: Hey.  Heeler.
Bandit: Oh, sorry.  What?
Chilli: Nothing.  Come on, kids.  I'll teach you how to throw.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close up of Chilli balancing a rock on a forked stick, which has been stuck upright in the pool.
Scene: The scene changes to show Chilli walking out of the pool, as Bluey and Bingo wait with sticks at the edge.
Chilli: Alright.  This is the target.  Now, stand side-on like you're on a skateboard.
Scene: She demonstrates.  Bluey copies her.  Bingo faces the wrong way.
Chilli: Other way, Bingo.
Bingo: Oh.
Scene: She faces the correct direction.
Chilli: Bend your knees.  Get comfy.
Scene: She bends her knees and shimmies; Bluey and Bingo copy her.  She points with the index finger of her free arm.
Chilli: Aim with this finger.  Lean on your back foot.
Scene: Chilli leans back to throw.  The kids copy her.
Chilli: Then you're gonna swoop.
Scene: She throws the stick as she says swoop.  It lands next to the target.
Chilli: Use your whole body.  Not just your arm.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo throw their sticks, making it about halfway to the target.
Chilli: Yeah, that's better.  Let's go again.
Scene: They wade into the pool to retrieve their sticks.
Bingo: Why do we have to learn to throw properly?
Chilli: So you can throw things really far.
Bluey: Do we need to throw things really far?
Scene: Chilli shrugs.
Chilli: Sometimes.
Bingo: I need better sticks.
Chilli: Ooh, I bet there's some over there.
Bingo: Can I go look?
Chilli: Yeah, you go.
Scene: Bingo squeals and runs off.
Chilli: Let's try again.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit.  He's still under the umbrella, staring into space.  Bingo runs up.
Bingo: Dad, race me to that stick.
Scene: Bandit does not respond.
Bingo: Dad. Dad!
Scene: She pats his side.
Bandit: Sorry, mate.  What was that?
Scene: The shot pulls back to show Chilli and Bluey as well.
Chilli: Let it go, babe.  You're missing all this.
Scene: Chilli gestures to Bluey throwing a stick.
Bandit: I'm trying.
Bingo: What are you trying?
Bandit: Nothing.  You want a race, do you?
Bingo: Yeah.  Ready, set, go!
Bandit: Hey, what?!
Scene: Bingo runs off giggling.  Bandit breaks out of the mermaid tail and brushes off his legs.
Bandit: (grunts)  I'm coming!
Scene: The scene cuts to an aerial shot of Bandit chasing Bingo along the edge of the water.
Bandit: I'm gonna catch you!
Scene: The scene cuts again to a stretch of beach, empty except for a stick.  Bingo stops and raises her arms in victory.
Bingo: I win!
Bandit: (panting) Ah, Bingo, you're too quick for me.
Bingo: Oh, Dad, look.
Scene: Bingo picks up the stick.
Bingo: It looks like a bird's head.
Bandit: Oh, yeah, it does too.
Bingo: Can we make a stickbird?
Bandit: Yeah, righto.
Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: The scene cuts to a montage with no dialogue.  It cuts back and forth between Bandit and Bingo building the stickbird, and Chilli teaching Bluey to throw.
Scene: Bandit and Bingo build a mound of sand on the beach.
Scene: Bluey throws a stick, and Chilli gives her some advice on her grip.
Scene: The mound of sand now has wings and a shell bow-tie.  Bandit adds a pine twig tail.
Scene: Bluey throws again, and Chilli demonstrates a wind-up.
Scene: Bingo inserts the stick to act as the bird's head.  Bingo and Bandit admire their work, tails wagging.
Scene: Bluey throws another stick, getting closer to the target.  Chilli pumps her arm, saying something encouraging.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bingo at the stickbird.  Bandit has his back turned and is staring out at the ocean. Bingo is talking to the stickbird.
Bingo: (to stickbird) You'll be happy here.  You've got lots of other birds around.
Scene: The silhouette of a distant swallow loops through the sky.
Scene: The scene cuts to the reverse shot, focusing on Bandit.
Bingo: Dad.  Dad?
Bandit: Uh... yep.
Scene: He turns around.
Bingo: We'll have to find another stick.
Scene: Bandit walks back over to Bingo and the stickbird.
Bandit: Oh, why?
Bingo: Because we can't throw stickbird's head.
Bandit: Oh, yeah, of course not.  We'd never do that to you, stickbird.
Scene: Bandit pats stickbird's back.  Bingo pets its beak.
Bingo: You're too beautiful.
Bandit: Come on, let's try over there.  Ready, set, go!
Scene: Bandit starts running.
Bingo: Bye, stickbird!
Scene: Bingo gets up and runs after him.
Scene: The scene changes to an aerial shot of the edge of the stream.  The shore is littered with sticks of all sizes.
Bandit: You get those ones (points right) and I'll get these (points left).
Scene: The scene changes to ground level.  They both pick up sticks.
Scene: In the distance, three kids run across the beach near stickbird.
Kid 2: I'll race you.
Kid 1 and Kid 2: Woo!
Scene: All three kids giggle.
Scene: The scene cuts to show the kids running past stickbird.  Kid 1, in the lead, turns backwards and runs in place.
Kid 1: I'm gonna win!
Scene: He turns back and continues running as Kid 2 catches up.
Kid 2: (to Kid 3) Come on, Cookie!
Scene: Cookie turns back, grabs stickbird's head, and triumphantly holds it up.
Cookie: Stick!
Scene: Cookie giggles and runs off with stickbird's head.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit, looking worried.
Bandit: Oh, no.
Scene: The scene pulls back to show Bingo.  She drops her bundle of sticks and runs over to the remains of stickbird.  She slumps and her ears droop.
Scene: The shot cuts back to Bandit, looking worried.  The scene cuts back to Bingo; she wipes a tear from her eye.  Bandit walks up.
Bingo: (sniff)  They broke stickbird.
Scene: Bandit puts his hand on Bingo's back.
Bandit: I know.
Bingo: Why would they do that?
Bandit: Well, they probably just wanted the stick.
Scene: Bandit and Bingo turn around, to look at the kids running around on the far side of the stream.
Bandit: They wouldn't have known we just made it.
Scene: The camera cuts back to just Bandit and Bingo.  Bingo folds her arms and scowls.
Bingo: They're mean.
Bandit: I'm sure they weren't trying to be mean.
Bingo: They're my rivals.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close up of a soldier crab.  It darts into its burrow.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit and Bingo walking together towards the stream.
Bingo: I really liked stickbird.
Bandit: Yeah, me too.  He was beautiful.  But when you put something beautiful out into the world, it's no longer yours really.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Chilli and Bluey.  Bluey makes another throw, which lands right next to the target.
Chilli: Oh, so close.
Scene: Bluey runs into the water to retrieve her stick.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bingo, at the edge of the stream.  Bingo is sitting down, holding her knees.  Bandit is picking up sticks.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Chilli and Bluey; with the camera placed right by the target.  Bluey makes a perfect throw, knocking over the target.
Chilli and Bluey: Whoa!
Chilli: You got it!
Bluey: I'm going to tell Dad.
Chilli: (chuckles)
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bingo, now walking along the edge of the ocean.  Bandit picks up a stick.
Bandit: Could this be a new stickbird head?
Bingo: (sadly) No, that's not a bird head.
Bandit: Come on, cheer up, Bingo.  You're missing all this.
Scene: Bandit gestures widely, indicating the whole beach.  Bluey runs up to them from downscreen.
Bluey: Hey, Dad, I can throw!
Bandit: Aww, nice one, Bluey.
Bluey: Come and see.  Bingo, I'll race you back.
Bandit: Uh, Bingo's a bit upset at the moment.
Bingo: I'm upset and angry.
Bandit: Some kids ruined a stickbird.
Bluey: Oh. I can show you a trick my buddy Mia taught me, if you like. It's for after you're upset and angry.
Scene: Bingo nods.  The camera changes to show Bluey from Bingo's point of view.
Bluey: Okay.  So... you have to collect all the upset and all the angry.
Scene: Bluey pantomimes pulling things off her face and placing them in her right hand.
Scene: The scene goes back to third person view.
Bingo: How do I collect upset and angry?
Bluey: You just feel where it is and go get it.
Bingo: Hmm.
Bluey: There's usually some in your belly... or your neck.
Scene: Bluey pantomimes pulling something off her belly and neck.  Bingo imitates her.
Bingo: And always remember to check your ears.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo bounce up and down with their heads cocked, as though they're trying to shake something out of their ears, with their hands held out to catch it.  They giggle.
Bluey: Now you've got all that upset and angry in your hands.
Bingo: What do I do with it?
Bluey: Do you want to keep it?
Bingo: No, I don't want it.
Bluey: Well, what do you do with something you don't want anymore?
Bingo: Uh, give it to you?
Scene: Bingo offers Bluey her cupped hands.  Bluey recoils.
Bluey: Oh, I don't want it.
Bingo: (laughs)
Scene: Bingo offers her cupped hands to Bandit, who also recoils.
Bandit: Yeah, me neither.
Bingo: (laughing) What do I do with it?
Scene: Bluey turns her to face the ocean.
Bluey: You throw it away.
Bingo: Oh...
Scene: Bingo cocks her arm to throw.
Bluey: Uh-uh, like Mum said, you need to throw this thing really far.
Scene: Bingo takes the throwing pose Chilli taught her, step-by-step.
Bingo: Stand sideways, like on a skateboard.
Bluey: Bend your knees.
Bingo: Yeah.  Get comfy.
Bluey: That's good.
Bingo: And with this arm...
Scene: She points.
Bingo: And... Yee-ah!
Scene: Bingo pantomimes throwing something.
Bandit and Bluey: Whoa!
Scene: Bandit shades his eyes.
Bandit: It's going all the way out to sea.
Bluey: Look for the splash, look for the splash.
Bandit: There! Did you see it?
Bingo: Yes! It was a million miles away.
Scene: Bandit ruffles Bingo's hair.
Bandit: Good throw.
Bluey: Yeah, good one, Bingo.
Bingo: Thanks.
Bandit: So, how do you feel?
Bingo: (surprised) Good.
Bandit and Bluey: Yay!
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey.
Bandit: Yeah, thanks, Bluey.
Bluey: Thank Mia.  She taught me it.  Oh, and Mum for the throwing bit.
Bingo: Can we have a race to Mum?
Bluey: Yeah.  Dad, do you wanna race too?
Bandit: Yeah, okay.  I'll give you a head start.
Bingo: Okay.  Ready set go!
Scene: The scene changes to an aerial view.  Bingo takes off running.
Bluey: Ah!
Scene: Bluey runs after her.
Bingo: I'm winning!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit, on the beach by himself.  He looks out over the ocean with a worried expression.  He pantomimes pulling something off his face and chest, and hurls it into the sea.
Bandit: (grunts) Huah!
Scene: The camera pulls back rapidly, as though Bandit threw it.  Bandit turns and runs after his kids.
Bandit: Here I come!
Scene: The camera splashes into the sea.  A damselfish swims into frame as the episode ends.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode theme, an arrangement of Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring primarily featuring strings, plays over the credits.  Bluey and Bingo bounce up and down, shaking upset and angry out of their ears.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the park. Bluey, Coco, and Snickers are playing a game of “What’s the Time, Mrs. Wolf?” Coco is “Mrs. Wolf” while Bluey and Snickers stand some distance behind her.
Bluey, Snickers: What's the time, Mrs. Wolf?
Coco: Seven o'clock!
Scene: Bluey and Snickers take seven steps towards Coco.
Bluey, Snickers: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven! What's the time, Mrs. Wolf?
Coco: Ten o'clock!
Bluey: (annoyed) Coco!
Scene: Bluey and Snickers take ten small steps towards Coco, ending up right behind her.
Bluey, Snickers: One two three four five six seven eight nine ten.
Bluey: What's the time, Mrs. Wolf?
Coco: Dinner time!
Scene: Coco turns around and hugs both Bluey and Snickers.
Coco: Got you!
Snickers: (annoyed) Coco!
Bluey: You always do this!
Coco: Do what?
Bluey: Something to make the game easy for you.
Coco: Do I?
Bluey: Yes.
Coco: Oh, sorry, Bluey. I'll try and stop.
Snickers: What if we play Shadowlands instead?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Shadowlands.
Scene: In a different part of the park, Bluey, Coco, and Snickers are standing in the shadow of a large tree.
Coco: What’s Shadowlands?
Snickers: It’s fun.
Bluey: All the shadowy, grassy bits are the land, and all the bits in the sun is the sea.
Snickers: Yeah, and there’s crocodiles in the sea.
Bluey: Yeah, you can’t touch the water, or you get bitten by a crocodile.
Coco: So you can only walk on the land?
Scene: Coco points to the shadow they're standing on.
Coco: These bits?
Bluey: Yeah, and we have to get from here to the picnic blanket.
Scene: Over in another part of the park, Chilli, Bella, and Snicker's Mum are chatting around a picnic under another tree.
Coco: Alright!
Bluey: But you can’t just change the rules to make it easy this time, okay?
Coco: No, I won’t.
Bluey: You promise?
Scene: Coco nods.
Coco: I promise.
Scene: Snickers is running in place, ready to get going.
Snickers: Ok, let’s go!
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Coco squeals in delight. The trio run off through the shadows of trees, jumping over and dodging bits of sunlit grass along the way.
Coco: This is fun!
Snickers: I told you!
Scene: They jump from the trees' shadows to the shadow of a low stone wall.  Coco and Bluey make a longer jump to the shadow of another tree. They turn around behind them.
Bluey: Ha-ha! You won’t get us, crocodile.
Scene: Snickers stops at the edge of the wall's shadow.
Snickers: Ooh, I can’t jump that far. Look at my little legs.
Coco: Well... maybe just this time, you can have crocodile-proof shoes.
Bluey: Coco!
Coco: Oh, yeah, sorry. But how is Snickers gonna get over?
Bluey: Um... I know! Come here, Coco!
Scene: Bluey leads Coco around to a protruding arm of the shadow, with their own shadows peeking out from the larger one.
Bluey: Now get on my shoulders.
Scene: Bluey kneels down; Coco, giggling, climbs on top. Bluey stands up, causing their combined shadow to extend into the gap.
Bluey, Coco: Go, Snickers!
Scene: Snickers takes a running start, and is able to jump into Bluey and Coco's shadow.
Bluey,, Coco: Yeah, we did it!
Coco: Great idea, Bluey!
Scene: Laughing, Bluey, Coco, and Snickers run in the shadows of a line of cars. Bluey stops and kneels down in one of the shadows to look at a bug as Coco and Snickers keep running onto the next car's shadow.
Bluey: Hey, this bug looks like bird poo.
Scene: Suddenly, the car casting the shadow Bluey is standing in beeps, and its engine starts. It then starts to pull away.
Snickers: Bluey, look out! Bluey! Bluey!
Scene: Bluey looks up from the bug to see the shadow closing in on her. The car horn sounds. Bluey gasps at the receding shadow, crawling and running away just in time to the safety of a van's shadow. She looks over at the giant gap between her and the other two.
Coco: (gasps) You’re trapped!
Snickers: How are you gonna get across the river?
Bluey: I don’t know.
Coco: How about we just pretend in this bit, all the crocodiles are asleep?
Bluey: You can’t change the rules, Coco!
Coco: Aww, why not?
Bluey: Because they’re the rules!
Scene: A bus drives past the line of parked cars.
Snickers: Look, a bus! Are you ready, Bluey?
Scene: Bluey gets ready to run.
Bluey: I’m ready!
Scene: The bus’s shadow starts to bridge the gap between Bluey and the other two.
Snickers: Go!
Scene: Bluey begins running as fast as she can to beat the moving shadow of the bus.
Bluey: Aah!
Coco, Snickers: Go, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey leaps into her friends' arms, just beating the bus.
Bluey, Snickers: Yeah!
Coco: That was so cool!
Snickers: Come on! We’re almost at the picnic blanket!
Scene: Bluey, Coco, and Snickers begin walking along the slender shadow of a palm tree’s trunk.
Bluey: Be careful, everyone. This bridge is really skinny.
Scene: Bluey suddenly stops everyone as the wind picks up.
Bluey: Wait! It’s getting windy!
Scene: Bluey, Coco, and Snickers scream as the palm tree - and thus the palm tree trunk’s thin shadow - starts swaying left and right. They try to stay in the shadow and maintain their balance.
Coco: The wind’s making it move! I can’t stay on!
Scene: Bluey screams.
Snickers: The crocodiles are gonna get us!
Coco: What are we gonna do?
Bluey: Run!
Scene: Screaming, the three run as fast as they can to the end, where the palm tree’s canopy creates a larger shadow. They stop, relieved.
Bluey: Phew. We made it!
Coco: But look! There’s no way to get across the sea!
Scene: A massive ocean of sunlit grass lies between the kids and the picnic blanket. Snickers looks back at the palm tree trunk's unsteady shadow.
Snickers: And we can’t go back this way.
Bluey: We’re trapped on a palm tree island! Oh noooooo!
Scene: The trio begin to howl. Over at the picnic, their mothers notice.
Chilli: The little critters must be hungry.
Bella: Oh, I brought something for them.
Scene: Back on the palm tree island, Bluey, Coco, and Snickers continue to howl until they hear Chilli.
Chilli: Cupcakes! Who wants cupcakes?
Scene: Chilli holds up a plate of cupcakes.
Bluey, Coco, Snickers: Cupcakes!
Coco: They’ve got blue icing! And sprinkles!
Scene: Snickers spins around in excitement.
Snickers: Sprinkles!
Coco: Why don’t we just make it so we can... walk on water?
Bluey: No one can walk on water.
Snickers: Water boatmen can.
Bluey: Well, we aren’t water boatmen. We need to find another way.
Chilli: I’m going to eat your cupcakes!
Bluey, Coco, Snickers: No!
Coco: (frustrated) That’s it!
Scene: Coco walks up to the edge of the shadow.
Coco: I’m gonna be a water boatman and walk across this water. And have a cupcake!
Bluey, Snickers: No, Coco!
Scene: Bluey grabs Coco before she can step over the shadow’s edge. Coco howls as Bluey carries her back. They fall down in the middle of the shadow, Coco desperately reaching out for the cupcakes.
Coco: But I want a cupcake!
Bluey: You can’t just change the rules!
Coco: But you still haven’t told me why!
Bluey: Well, because...
Scene: Bluey tries to think of a reason, but can't.
Bluey: I don’t know!
Coco: See? There’s no reason.
Snickers: Maybe Coco’s right, Bluey. Maybe we can just change the rules an eensy bit? It’ll still be Shadowlands.
Bluey: (dejected) Okay.
Scene: Happily, Coco and Snickers prepare start walking towards the picnic. Bluey resignedly joins them, but before they can leave the shadow, the wind starts to pick up.
Bluey: Wait!
Coco: What is it?
Bluey: The wind is back!
Scene: They look around. Coco points up.
Coco: Look! It’s blowing the cloud!
Snickers: It’s heading towards the sun!
Scene: The clouds completely cover the sun. Bluey gasps, and suddenly, the whole park is covered in shadow.
Bluey: (gasps) Run!
Scene: Bluey, Coco, and Snickers make a break for the picnic blanket, screaming and laughing.
Coco: Quick!
Scene: Snickers howls.
Bluey, Coco: Hurry up, Snickers!
Scene: The clouds begin to uncover the sun.
Bluey: Run your little sausage dog legs!
Snickers: I can’t run any faster! Oof!
Scene: Snickers' hat comes off, and he falls to the ground. Bluey and Coco come back, pick him up, and run to the picnic blanket while carrying him.
Bluey: Run!
Coco: The crocodiles are coming!
Scene: They all scream as the shadow’s edge closes in on them, and manage to leap right onto the picnic blanket, laughing. Coco raises her fist in victory.
Coco: We did it!
Snickers: That was so much fun!
Bluey: Yeah!
Coco: That’s why you can’t change the rules - because the rules make it fun!
Bluey: Oh yeah!
Scene: Laughing, they come together in a jumping group hug. Chilli looks to the other mothers.
Chilli: Kids and cupcakes, eh?
Scene: Later, the kids and their mothers are all partaking in a game of “What’s the Time, Mrs. Wolf?” with Coco once again playing the role of “Mrs. Wolf.” Bluey, Coco, and Snickers are enjoying their cupcakes.
Chilli: A cupcake for each hand, Snickers? You've got it made in the shade!
Bluey, Chilli, Bella, Snickers, Snickers’ Mum: What’s the time, Mrs. Wolf?
Coco: Three o’clock!
Scene: Bluey, Chilli, Bella, Snickers, and Snickers' Mum take three steps towards Coco.
Bluey, Chilli, Bella, Snickers, Snickers’ Mum: One, two, three! What’s the time, Mrs. Wolf?
Coco: Um...
Chilli: (gasps) Maybe this one will be dinner time.
Scene: Bluey rolls her eyes.
Bluey: It won’t. Coco always waits until we’re right up next to her before she says —
Coco: Dinner time!
Scene: Coco turns around and chases her friends and family as they start to run away - except Bluey, who drops her cupcake, screams in horror, and braces for impact.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - a playful orchestral tune. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Show and Tell.
Scene: The episode opens in the kitchen and dining room.  Bluey and Bingo are sitting at the table, with plates of egg on toast and sausage.  Bingo is playing with a crab claw, and neither is eating.  Bandit is in the kitchen, preparing another serving while he talks on the phone.
Bandit: Bluey, eat your sausage.  (to phone) Oh, yeah, g'day. I'm calling about the surfboard you've got for sale.
Scene: Bingo shakes the crab claw around.
Bingo: Doo-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo.
Bandit: It's in good nick?
Bluey and Bingo: (laugh)
Bandit: Oh, great. Yeah, I'll take it. (To Bluey) Bluey.  Sausage.
Scene: Bandit awkwardly holds his phone to the right side of his head with his left hand as he writes.
Bandit: Yep. 16 Pelton Drive. Got it. Okay. See you soon.
Scene: Bandit hangs up and pumps his arm.
Bandit: Oos!
Scene: Bingo gets up on her knees and turns around on her chair.
Bingo: Are you buying a surfboard?
Bandit: Yep. You wanna come with me to pick it up?
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: Then eat your sausage.
Bandit: Oh...
Scene: Bingo sits back down and starts eating.
Bluey: Dad, why do you boss us around
Scene: all the time?
Bandit: I don't boss you around.
Bluey: Yes, you do.
Bluey: You're always saying, Do this and Do that.
Bingo: That's true. You do.
Bandit: Didn't we cover this already?
Bluey: Uh, no.
Bandit: Yeah, we did, remember?
Bandit: Your invisible friend, Tina, beat me up; and we all learned that when I tell you to do something, I'm trying to help you.
Bluey: I didn't learn that.
Bingo: Me neither.
Bandit: Really? That's disappointing.
Scene: Bandit finishes plating up another serving of egg on toast and sausages.  Chilli enters from screen left.
Chilli: Morning!
Bluey and Bingo: Mum!
Scene: Chilli gets down on one knee and puts her hand on Bingo's back.
Chilli: Bingo! You ready to practise your show and tell for tomorrow?
Bingo: Um... okay.
Scene: Bingo puts down her fork and picks up the crab claw.  She gets up and walks into the open part of the dining room, looking a bit nervous.  Chilli sits down in Bingo's vacant seat. She looks at the floor as she addresses her family.
Bingo: Hello, everybody.
Bluey and Chilli: Hello, Bingo!
Scene: Bingo holds up the crab claw.  She looks at it, rather than her audience.
Bingo: Um, I have a crab claw.
Scene: Bingo has nothing further to say.  The family's faces fall.  Bingo looks at them, and back to the crab claw.  Bandit walks over to stand by Chilli with his plate of food.
Bandit: It's called show and tell, Bingo.
Scene: Chilli elbows him.
Bandit: Oof.
Bingo: I'm good at the showing bit, but not good at the telling bit.
Bandit: Pro tip—keep it simple. Kids switch off if you talk too long.
Scene: Chilli gets up, walks over to Bingo, and kneels down in front of her.
Chilli: Maybe you could talk about how crabs have an exoskeleton as opposed to an endoskeleton.
Scene: Bingo raises an eyebrow quizzically.
Chilli: You see—
Scene: The camera cuts to show Chilli from Bingo's perspective.
Chilli: —blah blah blah blah skeleton blah blah, blah blah, blah blah—
Scene: The camera cuts back to a third-person perspective.
Chilli: —mitochondria.  Make sense?
Bingo: No.
Bandit: See?
Scene: Chilli sticks out her tongue at him.
Chilli: Nmmm!
Scene: The scene cuts to show Bluey and the seat next to her.  Bandit takes the empty seat.
Bluey: Can I have some tomato sauce, please?
Scene: Bandit hands her a bottle of tomato sauce with a blue cap.
Bandit: Yep.
Bluey: Thanks!
Scene: Bluey squeezes some tomato sauce on her plate.  Bandit pulls out another bottle of tomato sauce with a white cap, and squeezes it on his toast.
Bluey: Hey, what's that tomato sauce?
Bandit: Oh, uh, this is my tomato sauce.
Scene: Bandit begins eating.
Bluey: Well, whose is this tomato sauce?
Bandit: That's your tomato sauce.
Bluey: What's the difference between my tomato sauce and your tomato sauce?
Bandit: Yours is a healthy one. It's got less sugar in it.
Bluey: Oh.
Scene: Bluey watches Bandit eat for a moment.
Bluey: Can I taste your tomato sauce?
Bandit: Uh, well... okay.  Just a taste.
Scene: Bandit squeezes some tomato sauce on Bluey's plate.  Bluey dips a piece of sausage in it, and her eyes get big and shiny.
Bluey: Ahh! I want this tomato sauce!
Bandit: No, mate, that one's yours.
Bluey: But yours tastes beautiful!
Scene: The camera pulls back to show the whole family at the dinner table.
Bingo: I want to try!
Bandit: Kids eat the healthy one. End of.
Scene: Bluey dips a piece of sausage in the full-sugar tomato sauce and passes it to Bingo.  Bingo eats it, and her eyes get big and shiny too.
Bingo: (with her mouth full, spraying sausage bits) THIS IS BEAUTIFUL!
Bluey: Why do you get the good one and we get the disgusting one?
Scene: Bluey gestures angrily at the low-sugar sauce, while Bingo puts her hands on her hips.  Chilli looks amused.
Bandit: Uh...
Chilli: Looks like Dad's good at telling but not good at showing.
Scene: Bandit sticks his tongue out at Chilli.
Bandit: Nmmm!
Bluey and Bingo: Pleeease!
Bandit: Nope.
Bluey and Bingo: Aww.
Bluey: That's it—I'm going to count all the times you boss us around.
Bandit: Great.  Do it while you eat your sausage.
Bluey: Ah — Eat your sausage, bossing around number one.
Scene: Bluey raises a finger.
Bingo: (mouth full) Number one.
Bandit: Don't talk with your mouth full.
Scene: Bluey raises a second finger.
Bluey: That's two.
Bandit: Oh, man.
Scene: Chilli squeezes the full-sugar tomato sauce on her eggs and toast.
Chilli: Oh, this is the good stuff.
Bluey and Bingo: Hey!
Scene: The scene cuts to the front yard.  Bandit is standing by the car, rear door open.  Bingo and Bandit are coming down the front steps.  Bingo is holding the crab claw.
Bandit: Alright squirts, let's get going.
Scene: Bluey raises two fingers and a thumb.
Bluey: Let's get going — that's three.
Bandit: Let's get going?  That's not bossing you around.
Bluey: Yes, it is.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo climb into the car.  Bandit closes the door.
Bandit: Gee, you run a tight ship.
Scene: The scene cuts to a view through the front windshield.  Bandit sits down in the drivers' seat and closes the door.
Bandit: Seatbelts.
Bluey: Four.
Bandit: Oh, come on!  Telling you to put seatbelts on is not bossing you around.
Scene: Bandit presses some buttons on the in-dash touchscreen.
Bingo: Yes. It. Is.
Scene: Bandit turns around.
Bandit: Okay, look here.
Scene: Bluey raises a finger on her left hand.
Bluey: Look here — that's five.
Bandit: The thing is—
Scene: Sat Nav chimes.
Bandit: Oh, uh, hang on a sec.
Scene: Bandit turns around to look at the Sat Nav.
Bluey: Hang on a sec — six.
Bandit: Hey, Sat Nav—give me directions to 16 Pelton Drive.
Bingo: Now he's bossing Sat Nav around.
Scene: Bluey shakes her head sadly.
Bandit: Okay, listen.
Bluey: Seven.
Bandit: Let me explain something to you. What you're calling bossing around, I call—
Scene: The camera cuts to show Bandit from Bluey and Bingo's perspective.
Bandit: —blah blah blah cleaning toilets, blah blah blah blah blah—
Scene: The camera cuts back to third person view.
Bandit: —solitary confinement.  Does that make sense?
Bluey and Bingo: No.
Bandit: Why not?!
Bingo: Too much telling.  Kids switch off if you talk too long.
Scene: Bluey nods.
Bandit: Ah, well, you need to clean your ears out.
Scene: Bandit buckles in.
Bluey: Clean your ears out — that's eight.
Bandit: Ughhhhh.
Scene: Bandit starts the car.
Scene: The scene changes to an overhead shot of the car driving through a shopping district; shops line both sides of the street. An elderly dog can be seen waiting on a bench.
Scene: The scene changes to back inside the car.
Bingo: Are we almost at your surfboard?
Bandit: Not yet. Just be patient.
Bluey: Be patient — nine.
Bandit: Oh, man, I'm done with this game.
Scene: The scene cuts to a closeup of the Sat Nav screen.  The car is a approaching a left turn.
Sat Nav: In 50 metres, turn left.
Scene: The scene cuts to the car interior. Bandit smirks.
Bandit: No!
Bluey: Huh?
Scene: The scene cuts back to Sat Nav.
Sat Nav: Turn left here.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the car interior.  Bandit keeps going straight.
Bandit: No. I don't want to.
Bluey: Dad, what are you doing?!
Bingo: (incredulous) Did you just say no to Sat Nav?
Scene: The camera cuts to an exterior view.  The car drives past a cross street.
Bandit: Turn left, turn right. — I'm sick of it telling me what to do.
Scene: Cut back to car interior.
Sat Nav: Proceed to the route.
Bandit: (mockingly) You proceed to the route.  (smugly) I do what I want.
Bluey: (giggles) You can't ignore Sat Nav!
Bandit: Watch me.
Scene: Cut to the rear-view mirror, reflecting Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey: But she's trying to help you find your surfboard!
Scene: Cut to a view through the windshield.
Bandit: She's bossing me around, that's what she's doin'.
Bingo: (laughs)
Bluey: If you ignore Sat Nav, you're going to get lost.
Bandit: Well, we'll see.
Scene: The scene cuts to an aerial shot of the car driving through a residential neighbourhood.  The car approaches an intersection.
Sat Nav: Turn right here.
Bandit: Nope.
Scene: The car turns left.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: The scene cuts to another shot of a residential neighbourhood, fenced back yards line the street on both sides.  A child and [their mother wait at a bus stop.
Sat Nav: Continue straight for—
Scene: Bandit makes a right turn.
Bandit: Nah, I don't think so, love.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: The scene changes to yet another shot of a residential neighbourhood.
Sat Nav: Do a U-turn.
Bandit: Nah, I'm good.
Scene: Bandit makes a left turn.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: The scene changes to a shot of the horizon.  Roofs and trees move through the foreground, left to right.
Sat Nav: Proceed to the route.
Scene: The scene changes to the entrance to a cemetery.  A shady road goes through an open gate in an iron fence.  Past the gate and in the background, many headstones and monuments are visible.  The car pulls up, and parks outside the gate.
Bingo: Statue world!
Bluey: Is your surfboard here?
Bandit: No, I think we're lost.
Bluey and Bingo: (exasperated) We told you!
Scene: The scene cuts to a closer shot of the gate.  Car doors can be heard opening off-screen.  Bandit walks into the shot and stops at the gate, followed by Bluey and Bingo.  Bingo is toying with the crab claw.
Bandit: How am I gonna find my surfboard?
Bluey: You just have to do what Sat Nav says.
Bandit: Really?
Bluey and Bingo: Yes!
Scene: Bandit kneels down.
Bandit: Even though she's bossing me around?
Bluey: Yes. She's doing it for a good reason.
Bandit: Okay. Let's give it a go.
Scene: Bandit and Bluey walk back to the car.  Bingo waves.
Bingo: Bye, Statue World.
Scene: The scene changes to the road in front of Stafford State School.  On the sidewalk in front of the school, a child and their dad admire a traffic light control box that has been painted with scenes from Bluey.
Sat Nav: In 50 metres, turn right.
Scene: The scene changes to the interior of the car.
Bluey: Now turn right, like she says.
Bandit: This better work.
Scene: Bandit activates the turn signal and turns right.
Scene: The scene changes to a T-junction.  To the left of the road is an office building with a statue of a chameleon in front of it.  Across the road is a park.  The car stops at the intersection.
Sat Nav: Turn left here.
Bandit: Well, I just—
Bluey and Bingo: Dad!
Bandit: Okay.
Scene: Bandit turns left.
Scene: The scene changes to a close up of Bingo, toying with the crab claw.
Sat Nav: (offscreen) Continue straight.
Bandit: (offscreen) If you say so.
Scene: The scene changes to a shot of the sky.  Roofs and treetops pass by in the foreground.
Scene: The scene cuts to a single-story house.  In front of the house, a dog with frosted tips is washing a jet-ski.  A yellow surfboard lies in the front lawn.  He waves as the Heelers' car arrives.
Surfer: Hey.
Scene: Bandit stops the car.  Surfer turns off the hose.
Sat Nav: You have arrived.
Bingo: Look! The surfboard!
Bandit: Whoa, it worked!
Bluey: I told you!
Scene: Bandit pets the dashboard.
Bandit: I'm sorry Sat Nav.
Bingo: (imitating Sat Nav)  That... is... okay.
Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo: (laugh)
Scene: The scene cuts to a shot of palm trees against the sky.  A cockatoo perches in the left palm.  It raises its crest and squawks.
Scene: The scene cuts to the Heelers' car, parked in front of the house.  Bandit is untangling a strap.  Bluey is hanging off the side of the car.  Bingo is playing with the crab claw.  The Surfer enters from screen right and kneels down in front of Bingo.
Surfer: Whoa! What've you got there?
Scene: Bingo shows him the claw.
Bingo: It's a crab claw.
Scene: Surfer takes the claw.
Surfer: Oh, yeah, look! It's from a blue coral crab.
Bingo: Ooh.
Surfer: Hey, watch this.
Scene: The Surfer pulls on a tendon, causing the claw to snap closed.
Surfer: Yah!
Bingo: (squeals and laughs)
Surfer: (laughs)
Bingo: Can I have a turn?
Scene: The Surfer hands the crab claw back to Bingo.
Scene: The scene changes to Bandit strapping the surfboard to the car.  He throws the free end of a strap over to the car, where Bluey is waiting on the other side.
'Bandit: Hey, Bluey, throw that strap back to me, will you?
Bluey: Yes, Dad.
Bandit: Oh, as long as that's not bossing you around.
Bluey: No, it's fine.
Scene: The camera pulls back to show all four characters.  Bluey throws the strap back over to Bandit.  She jumps down from the running board and dusts her hands.  Bingo is pulling on the tendon to click the crab claw.
Bingo: (laughs)
Surfer: That's it. (laughs)
Scene: The scene cuts to the entrance of Mrs. Retriever's Kindy.  Bingo is visible through the front door.  She has her hands behind her back.
Bingo: Hello everybody.
The scene cuts to the interior of the kindy.  Mrs. Retriever and Bingo's classmates are sitting on the rug, watching Bingo present. From left to right: Bentley, Jasper G., Zara, Juniper, Missy, Sadie, Lila, and Buddy).  Unlike her practice run with Chilli, she's making eye contact with the audience.
Audience: Hi, Bingo!
Scene: The shot changes to show Bingo over the heads of the audience.
Bingo: For show and tell, I brought a crab claw.
Scene: She pulls the crab claw out from behind her back.
Bingo: It's from a blue coral crab.
Scene: Bingo pauses.  The scene changes to the reverse shot, showing the audience.  Mrs. Retriever tilts her head slightly.  Buddy picks his nose.
Bingo: Oh! And there's this.
Scene: She pulls the tendon, clicking the crab claw closed.
Bingo: Pinch!
Scene: The audience flinches back.
Audience: Aaaah!
Scene: The kids then lean forward in interest.  Everyone in the audience throws up their hands.
Audience: Again!
Bingo: (laughs)
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the section of the episode theme that plays while Bandit is following Sat Nav's directions.  Instead of Bluey dancing, a bottle of full-sugar tomato sauce and a plate of toast, eggs, and sausages with tomato sauce appear.  Both the bottle and the sauce itself sparkle faintly.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Theme Song]
Scene: The episode opens on the Heeler family's balcony outside of the kitchen. Bandit is standing on top of the table in front of the patio table and handing dirty leaves from the dirt-covered gutter down to the trash bag that Chilli is holding. As Bandit grabs for a second handful, part of the gutter falls and hits the railing, scattering some stray leaves. Bandit lets out a yelp as Chilli gasps.
Bandit: Ah, that’s no good.
Chilli: (grabs a stray leaf and adds it to her trash bag) This house is falling apart.
Bandit: Well, nothin’ lasts forever.
Chilli: Yeah, I guess.
Bandit: It’s just got character.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo enter, each holding a slice of watermelon, the “red” of Bluey’s slice being a somewhat paler color.
Bluey: Dad, Bingo’s watermelon is redder than mine.
Bandit: No, it isn’t.
Bingo: Yeah, it is.
Bluey: See?
Bandit: Oh, yeah. Well, the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
Scene: Bingo licks her watermelon slice.
Bluey: What does that mean?
Pat: (off screen, calling out) Hey Bandit!
Scene: The camera shifts to show the view towards Lucky’s yard, where Pat is standing next to a brick pizza oven. The Heelers move closer to the railing for a better view. The scene zooms in on Pat, surrounded by cardboard, tools, and paper instructions.
Pat: Check it out! (points to oven) New pizza oven! (leans an elbow on the edge of the pizza oven) Pretty sweet, aye?
Scene: The scene cuts back to the Heelers observing.
Pat: (off screen) I just got it from Hammerbarn!
Bluey and Bingo: Ooh!
Bandit: We’re going to Hammerbarn.
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah, Hammerbarn!
Chilli: Gee, his lawn’s looking green.
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Hammerbarn.
Scene: The scene transitions to a wide view of the parking lot of the Hammerbarn hardware store.
Bluey: (off screen) Will the pizza taste better from the pizza oven?
Bandit: (off screen) Yep.
Chilli: (off screen) Nope.
Scene: The scene transitions to the inside of Hammerbarn. As Chilli picks out a trolley, Bluey and Bingo each have a small sausage covered in tomato sauce and wrapped in a slice of bread. Bluey takes a bite of hers.
Bingo: Dad, Bluey got more sauce than me.
Bandit: No, she didn’t.
Scene: Bandit approaches a Labrador employee.
Bandit: Hey, mate, where are your pizza ovens?
Employee: Aisle 300, left at the fake grass. If you hit a flamingo, you’ve gone too far.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Chilli rolling out a trolley.
Bluey and Bingo: Trolley!
Bandit: I’m going to aisle 300.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo quickly scarf down the rest of their sausages as Chilli sets a flat box of tomato wire in the trolley.
Chilli: Okay, we’ll head to the garden center. Come on, kids.
Scene: Chilli lifts Bluey, who props up the box in the middle of the trolley, then Bingo into the trolley’s child seat.
Bluey: Ooh Bingo! These can be our houses!
Bingo: Yeah! (gestures to the half of the trolley in front of her) This is my yard (points to the half in front of Bluey) and that’s yours!
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: The scene transitions to Chilli pushing the trolley through the garden center, humming the main theme. She stops and hands a potted plant and a small succulent to Bluey to set in her half of the trolley.
Bluey: Ooh! Hey, Bingo. Look, I’ve got a garden!
Scene: The camera zooms out to show that two identical plants are in Bingo’s half as well.
Bingo: Yeah, me too!
Scene: Chilli is returning with a garden gnome dog holding a shovel, setting it in front of Bingo.
Chilli: Can’t have too many of these.
Bingo: Ooh, you could be my husband.
Scene: Bingo hugs the gnome and pats its head affectionately as Bluey peeks over the barricade.
Bluey: Hey, no fair! I want a husband, too.
Scene: Chilli begrudgingly hands another gnome, this one without a shovel, to Bluey.
Chilli: Yes, yes. Here you go. Same as Bingo.
Bluey: (giggles) Hello, husband.
Bingo: (exaggerated masculine voice to voice her gnome “husband”) Hello. My name is Hecuba.
Bluey: (similar masculine voice to voice her “husband”) Ooh, hello, Hecuba. My name’s Gerald.
Bingo: (pointing out “Hecuba”’s shovel, voice as “Hecuba”) I’m going to do some yard work. (normal voice as she moves the gnome around) Dig, dig, dig. Dig, dig, dig, dig. Dig, did, dig, dig.
Scene: Bluey looks over at “Gerald”.
Bluey: Hey, Gerald doesn’t have a shovel. Mum, Bingo’s husband is better than mine! (points at “Hecuba”)
Chilli: Just try and be happy with what you’ve got, okay?
Bluey: I can’t be happy with what I’ve got when what she has is better!
Scene: Bluey hands “Gerald” over to Chilli, who returns him to the shelf in exchange for a gnome with a shovel. She hands it to Bluey.
Chilli: Here.
Bluey: Thanks, Mum. Hello, new husband.
Scene: The scene transitions to another aisle as Chilli pushes the trolley. Bingo is humming.
Bingo: What a lovely veggie patch, Hecuba.
Scene: Chilli sets a small box of fairy lights in Bingo’s “yard”.
Chilli: Fairy lights.
Bingo: Ooh!
Bluey: Hey, why does Bingo-
Scene: Chilli sets another box into Bluey’s “yard”.
Chilli: And more fairy lights that are just the same.
Bluey: Thank you. These can be our pizza ovens.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo hold out their fists as if holding pan handles, shifting them to cook imaginary pizza.
Bluey and Bingo: Cook, cook, cook, cook. Cook, cook.
Scene: Chilli sets a pizza cutter with a protector around the blade into Bingo’s “yard”.
Bingo: (grabs the pizza cutter) Oh look, Hecuba, a pizza flipper. (shifts the “flipper” around) Cook, cook, cook. (raises the “flipper”) Flip. (repeats motions) Cook, cook, cook. Flip.
Scene: As Bingo continues, the camera zooms out to Chilli checking the price tag of a metal spatula.
Bluey: Mum, can we get two pizza flippers, please?
Chilli: We don’t need two. Try swapping something with Bingo.
Bingo: Cook, cook, cook. (stops when Bluey addresses her)
Bluey: (holds up her small succulent) Bingo, will you swap some of my plants for your pizza flipper?
Bingo: (holds the “flipper” defensively) No thanks. (raises “flipper”) Flip!
Bluey: (picks up “Gerald”) What about for my husband?
Bingo: No thanks! (raises “flipper”) Flip!
Bluey: Aww, but that pizza flipper is all I want in the whole world!
Bingo: (whining) Okay. (hands over the “flipper”)
Bluey: Thanks Bingo. (giggles, repeating Bingo’s motions) Cook, cook, cook. Flip! Cook, cook, cook. Flip!
Scene: Cut back to Chilli picking up a pizza stone from a shelf.
Chilli: Ooh, pizza stone!
Scene: Chilli sets the stone on top of Bingo’s fairy light box.
Bingo: (gasp) A dining table!
Bluey: Aww! I’ll swap you back the pizza flipper for your dining table!
Bingo: (holds the “dining table” defensively) No way!
Bluey: Bingo! (grabs the “table” and tries to pull it to her side) I want a turn with it.
Bingo: Hey! (pulls it back)
Bluey: (pulls back) Give it to me!
Bingo: (pulls) Bluey!
Bluey: (pulls) Let go of it, Bingo!
Bingo: (pulls) Give it to me, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey’s pull on the “dining table” becomes too powerful for Bingo to pull against, her grip quickly slipping off. Her elbow hits “Hecubah”, causing him to fall over the side of the trolley and shatter on the floor. Chilli gasps.
Scene: The scene cuts to Aisle 300, where Bandit is standing next to a brick pizza oven identical to Pat’s, conversing with an employee.
Bandit: So, how many BTU’s has this one got?
Chilli: (off screen, yelling distantly) Bluey!
Scene: Both Bandit and the employee flinch.
Bandit: Ehh, it’s probably another Bluey.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the previous aisle. Bluey and Bingo have been taken out of the trolley seat. Bingo appears glum.
Bluey: I’m sorry!
Chilli: (pointing out the shattered “Hecubah”) This is what happens when you’re unhappy with what you’ve got. (makes a chopping motion into her palm) Someone’s husband eventually gets it!
Bluey: I just wanted the dining room table.
Chilli: (kneels down to Bluey’s level) You can’t just get new stuff all the time.
Bluey: Why not?
Chilli: Because stuff costs money. There’s no magical place where everything’s just free.
Bingo: (pointing off screen) Bluey, look!
Scene: The scene transitions to Bingo and Bluey excitedly facing a colorful row of paint samples. The music briefly changes to the tune of Handel’s “Hallelujah” chorus.
Bingo: It’s everything we want!
Scene: Chilli approaches as Bluey excitedly points out the samples.
Bluey: Are these all for free?
Chilli: Yes, they’re all for free.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: The scene transitions to Bluey and Bingo in the trolley, decorated with paint samples. Bluey’s “yard” has a green field, while Bingo’s is yellow. Each has a patch of blue bordered by orange to represent pools. Bluey has formed a pizza with some samples with some pieces shredded as toppings on top of her fairy light box. She continues to shred a black-colored square. Bingo is stacking a few colors into a hamburger on top of her “dining table”.
Bluey: (exaggerated posh voice) Hmm, Gerald, I’ll put olives on your half, my dear. (sprinkles her black shreddings on part of the “pizza”, turns to Bingo) Sharralanda, darling, you wouldn’t have some lettuce I could borrow, would you?
Bingo: (posh voice) Of course, Rhonda. (picks up some green shreddings and hands to Bluey)
Bluey: Thanks, darling. (sprinkles the “lettuce” onto the “pizza”)
Bingo: (picks up her “hamburger”) I’m just enjoying this hamburger. Poor Hecuba. He always loved hamburgers.
Bluey: Would you like to try some beetroot? (picks up hot pink shreddings)
Bingo: Oh, thank you, darling. (puts the “beetroot” under the top layer of her “burger”)
Bluey: Isn’t it nice having everything?
Bingo: Yes, it is.
Chilli: Just try not to get used to it, okay?
Bluey: Oh, it’s that lady who said we can’t have everything we want!
Bingo: Don’t listen to her, Rhonda!
Scene: The scene cuts to later down the aisle. The trolley has stopped and a distant beeping can be heard.
Bluey: Oh, that pizza was delicious. (returns to her normal voice) Hey, why have we stopped?
Bingo: (normal voice) And what’s that dooting?
Scene: The checkout lady takes the succulent from Bingo’s “yard” as Chilli takes both plants from Bluey’s side.
Bingo: Hey!
Bluey: Aah! My plants! What are you doing?
Scene: The camera shifts to show the checkout lady scanning the succulent from Bingo’s “yard”.
Checkout Lady: Hi guys! I have to scan all your stuff, okay?
Scene: Bingo gasps.
Bluey and Bingo: We’re at the checkout!
Scene: Chilli takes the fairy lights box from Bluey’s side, causing the scraps of “pizza” to flutter off.
Bluey: Aah! My pizza oven! Give it back!
Scene: The “hamburger” falls apart as the checkout lady tries to take the pizza stone from Bingo, who is trying her hardest to tug it back. Bluey holds “Gerald” defensively.
Bingo: No! Don’t take my dining table!
Scene: Bingo loses the tug of war for her “dining table”.
Chilli: We have to pay for it!
Scene: The checkout lady takes “Gerald” from Bluey’s arms. She tries to reach out for him.
Bluey: Gerald!
Chilli: Bluey, relax!
Bluey: (squirming in her seat) She’s taking my husband!
Scene: The checkout lady hesitatingly scans the garden gnome as the camera zooms out to show Bandit, carrying the box for the pizza oven on a flatbed cart.
Bandit: Uh, I might meet you in the car.
Scene: He pushes his cart away. The scene transitions to show the screen at the register with items gradually appearing, the beeping heard in the background. The shot then cuts to the Heelers, sans Bandit. Bluey and Bingo, dejected, are holding small boxes with their paint sample scraps, while Chilli holds a bigger box with the plants and the pizza stone in it.
Bluey: We worked so hard on our houses.
Bingo: I wasn’t ready to take them down.
Chilli: I know. I guess nothing lasts forever.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the checkout lady, holding her handheld scanner and four boxes of lightbulbs.
Checkout Lady: Hey, would you kids like to try my beeper gun?
Bluey: (sets down her box) Yes, please!
Checkout Lady: (kneels to Bluey’s level and hands her the scanner) Here you go!
Scene: The lady holds out one of the boxes for Bluey to scan. She squeals and giggles as she scans it, plus a second box.
Bingo: (touches Bluey’s shoulder) Can I have a turn?
Bluey: (hands her the scanner) Yeah. Here you go.
Scene: Bingo squeals and laughs as she, holding the scanner with both hands, scans the last two boxes.
Scene: The scene fades to later in the evening. Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli are sitting at a picnic table as Bandit retrieves a pizza from the newly set up pizza oven.
Bandit: Okay, kids, are you ready for the best pizza you’ve ever tasted!
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Chilli: We’ll see about that.
Bandit: Ta-da!
Scene: Bandit sets a pizza stone with a puffy and lopsided pizza on top down on the table. The camera briefly zooms in on it to show that the cheese is oozing off of it, the toppings are falling off, and parts of it are slightly burnt. A piece of ham flops over during the zoom in. The scene zooms back out.
Bandit: Looks a bit bodgy.
Chilli: (sets a hand on Bandit’s shoulder) No. It’s just got character.
Scene: Bandit ruffles the top of Bluey’s head as each Heeler grabs a slice. Bingo’s is noticeably bigger than Bluey’s.
Bandit: Tuck in, kids. I’m just gonna give one to Lucky’s dad.
Scene: Bandit heads over to the fence as Bingo eats a loose piece of ham off of her slice.
Bluey: Hey! Yours is bigger than mine. But, that’s fine.
Scene: Chilli smiles at Bluey. The scene cuts to Bandit approaching Pat at the fence with a slice of pizza in hand.
Bandit: Hey, mate, have a go at this. Ham and pineapple.
Scene: Bandit hands his slice over to Pat.
Pat: Aw, yeah. Swap you for a meat lover’s.
Scene: Pat passes a much thinner slice of pizza back over the fence.
Bandit: Nice!
Chilli: (off screen, mouth full) Oh, my goodness.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the other Heelers at the picnic table. Chilli is chewing her slice with a smile.
Bluey and Bingo: What is it?
Chilli: (swallows) This is amazing!
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Pat at the fence, silently exchanging a high-five.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: During the end credits, the episode’s soundtrack plays as Cornelius walks on screen with a sauce-covered sausage in each hand. He finishes the one in his left hand in three bites, a few seconds apart.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with Bluey and Bingo lying on the floor and drawing in the Heelers' playroom, which is a gigantic mess. There are toys all over the floor, the verandah, and even in the nearby shrubbery. Chilli walks in, holding a potted plant.
Chilli: Alright, kids, time to tidy up.
Bluey, Bingo: Aw, Mum!
Bluey: We don't like tidying.
Chilli: There's no way around it, I'm afraid.
Scene: The kids groan. As Chilli walks off, Bluey has an idea.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo. Let's get Daddy Robot to do it!
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off to find Daddy Robot.
Bingo: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Daddy Robot!
Scene: In the kitchen, Bandit is munching on leftover takeaway in front of the fridge. Bluey and Bingo walk in.
Bluey: Hey, Daddy Robot!
Scene: Bandit quickly eats a few more spoons, before putting the container back in the fridge, shutting it, and beginning to act like a robot - which he does for the rest of the episode.
Bandit: (beeps) Yes, Master. (beeps)
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bluey: We need you to do something. Come with us to the playroom.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo show the direction there.
Bandit: (beeps) Yes, Master.
Scene: Suddenly, Bluey realises something.
Bluey: Wait. Actually, carry us to the playroom!
Bandit: Yes, Master.
Scene: Bandit mimics machine noises as he picks them both up.
Bingo: We have to robo-boogie there.
Bandit: (beeps) Yes, Master.
Scene: Bandit dances towards the playroom as the kids giggle. They reach the playroom, and Bandit stops.
Bluey: Daddy Robot, we order you to tidy up the playroom.
Bandit: (beeps) To serve my masters is the highest honour.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle as Bandit begins cleaning the room.
Bluey: It's working!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo sit on a small couch in the room.
Bluey: Ahh!
Bingo: Ahh, so relaxing!
Bluey: Yeah, this is how we should always do it.
Bingo: Yeah.
Bluey: Actually, Daddy Robot, we never want to tidy the playroom ever again!
Bingo: Yeah. Ever again!
Bandit: Never again?
Bluey: Never again! Ever. At all. You understand?
Bandit: Yes, Master.
Scene: Bandit drops items in his hand, beeps, and shakes.
Bandit: Recalculating objectives.
Scene: Bandit walks behind the kids' couch and lifts it, shaking it as he does.
Bluey, Bingo: Aah! What are you doing, Daddy Robo-o-ot?
Bandit: Following Master's orders. (beeps)
Bluey: Aah! Put us down!
Bingo: (giggles) I love Daddy Robot!
Scene: Bandit exits the room, carrying the couch. through the hallway.
Bluey: Where are you taking us?!
Bandit: (beeps) To the wheelie bin.
Bluey: What?! Why?!
Bandit: You two are the reason playroom is always untidy. If I throw you in wheely bin, playroom will always be tidy. And then you will never have to tidy playroom ever again.
Bluey, Bingo: What?!
Bandit: It's a solid plan, Master.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo scream in horror as they're carried to the living room, where Chilli is spraying her plant.
Bluey: Mum! Daddy Robot is going to throw us in the wheelie bin!
Chilli: Oh no!
Bluey: Quick, Mum, we need the sprayer!
Chilli: Catch!
Scene: Chilli throws the sprayer, which Bluey catches and uses to spray Bandit, making him malfunction and act in strange ways.
Bandit: (various beeps) Syntax error. (buzzes) Please press 'play' on tape. (more beeps)
Chilli: He's malfunctioning!
Scene: Bandit beeps, then begins to beatbox and dance.
Chilli: Why was Daddy Robot throwing you in the wheely bin?!
Bluey: Oh, um... well...
Bandit: Must tidy up. (beeps and boops) Come here, vacuum cleaner.
Scene: Bandit picks up Bluey and uses her as a vacuum cleaner.
Bluey: Aaah! I'm not a vacuum cleaner!
Bingo: Yeah, Daddy Robot! She's not a vacuum cleaner!
Scene: Bandit holds Bluey upside-down.
Bandit: Oh yes. (beeps) My mistake. This is not a vacuum cleaner.
Bluey: I told you!
Bandit: It's a banjo.
Bluey: What?!
Scene: Bandit begins to play Bluey like a banjo, vocalising banjo sounds as Bluey laughs from being tickled.
Bingo: Hey, that's my sister! Not a banjo!
Scene: Bandit puts Bluey down and points to Bingo.
Bandit: (beeps) What are you doing out of the laundry basket?
Bingo: Laundry basket?!
Bandit: Yes. You are laundry. I folded you this morning. Come here.
Scene: Bingo screams as she tries to run away. Bandit picks her up as she giggles and brings her to the laundry room. He places her in the basket and folds her limbs.
Bandit: Fold, fold, fold, fold, fold!
Bingo: (giggles) I'm not laundry!
Scene: Bluey runs in.
Bluey: She's not laundry!
Scene: Bandit turns to Bluey.
Bandit: Oh no. A guinea pig has escaped.
Bluey: What?!
Scene: Back in the living room, Chilli is spraying another plant when Bluey runs in, screaming in terror.
Bluey: Mum, Daddy Robot thinks I'm a guinea pig! What should I do?!
Scene: Bandit enters, squat dancing after Bluey.
Bandit: Ya! Ya! Ya! Ya! Come back here, guinea pig.
Chilli: You have to push his nose to turn him off!
Scene: Bingo runs in with a laundry basket and hides under it.
Bingo: But how?!
Bluey: I know, I've got an idea!
Scene: Bandit enters the sunroom, dancing with style. Bluey follows.
Bluey: Look, Daddy Robot!
Scene: Bandit buzzes and Chilli enters the room, acting as 'Mummy Robot.'
Bluey: It's a Mummy Robot!
Chilli: (beeps) Hello.
Bandit: (beeps) Cheese and crackers, you're the most beautiful robot I've ever seen!
Chilli: (beeps) You are too kind.
Bandit: My name is Daddy Rob-
Scene: Bandit suddenly breaks into an Irish stepdance, complete with music. Then he and the music suddenly stop. Crickets.
Chilli: That was a little odd.
Scene: Meanwhile, Bluey and Bingo get prepared on a couch behind their parents.
Bandit: Please pretend I didn't just do that.
Chilli: It is hard to unsee something like that.
Bandit: Even so...
Scene: Suddenly, Bluey and Bingo jump on Bandit and pin him to the ground.
Bandit: Off me, furry creatures!
Scene: Chilli stops acting like Mummy Robot.
Chilli: Alright now, turn him off!
Bluey: Touch his nose, touch his nose!
Scene: Bluey manages touch Bandit's nose, making him freeze and power down.
Bandit: Powering down...
Scene: Chilli gasps and hurries to Bandit's side.
Bandit: Cursed... to depart... having only just... known... your beauty...
Chilli: Aw...
Scene: Bandit makes one last whirr before finally shutting down. The kids look at him sadly.
Bingo: Poor Daddy Robot.
Scene: A brief silence. Suddenly, Bandit lets loose a huge fart, much to Chilli's disgust and the kids' amusement. Cut to inside the playroom, where Chilli is repairing Bandit in a makeshift workshop lit with a table lamp.
Chilli: Screwdriver.
Scene: Bingo hands her a crayon.
Bingo: Screwdriver. Please fix him.
Scene: Chilli uses the 'screwdriver' on Daddy Robot, tickling him as she does.
Chilli: I'll try my best. These circuits are badly damaged.
Bingo: Aww...
Chilli: It's strange, though. Daddy Robots don't usually go crazy like that.
Bluey: Well, actually, it's our fault.
Bingo: We ordered Daddy Robot to tidy the playroom for us.
Chilli: And that's when he tried to throw you in the wheelie bin?
Bingo: Yeah.
Chilli: Oh. I see. Okay. I'll tell you the secret. Daddy Robots will find the easiest way to do a job.
Bluey, Bingo: Oh.
Chilli: Just... like... kids!
Scene: Chilli tickles Bingo. Cut to black, where Bingo can be heard, echoing.
Bingo: I hope he's ok.
Scene: The black turns out to be the first-person view from Bandit, who powers up and opens his eyes to see Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey: Hello, Daddy Robot!
Bingo: How are you feeling?
Bandit: (beeps) I dreamt... I met... a robot angel. (buzzes) Hello, Master. What are my orders? (beeps)
Bluey: Follow us.
Scene: Back with the playroom mess, Bluey guides a beeping Bandit to two small couches.
Bluey: Now sit down.
Scene: Bandit sits on one of the couches.
Bandit: Yes, Master?
Bingo: Now lie back.
Scene: Bandit lies back in the couch.
Bandit: (buzzes) Are you sure, master?
Scene: Bandit gets up.
Bandit: (buzzes) Shouldn't I tidy something up for you?
Scene: Bluey pushes Daddy Robot back.
Bluey, Bingo: No.
Bluey: We order you to relax, Daddy Robot.
Scene: Bandit sits back down on the couch and happily gets relaxed. Bingo giggles and runs off.
Bandit: I've never relaxed before. Is this right?
Bluey: Usually, you close your eyes.
Scene: Bandit closes his eyes. Bluey turns back and beckons.
Bluey: Look who's here!
Scene: Bingo returns with Chilli, who is once again acting as Mummy Robot.
Chilli: (beeps) Hello again.
Scene: Upon hearing her, Bandit wakes up, surprised. Chilli beeps and does a pose.
Bandit: Cheese and crackers...
Scene: Chilli beeps and buzzes as she makes her way to the other couch and sits on it.
Bingo: You robots relax. We're gonna tidy the playroom.
Bluey: Come on, Bingo!
Bluey, Bingo: Bye, robots!
Scene: As Bluey and Bingo pick up their toys, Bandit and Chilli watch the sunset.
Bandit: This... feels like... a robo-dream.
Chilli: Well, kiss me before you wake up.
Scene: Bandit and Chilli share a kiss with the setting sun as a background and soaring electronic music. Cut to Bluey and Bingo watching, the music dropping out.
Bluey, Bingo: (like schoolkids) Oooooh!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - a happy electronic piece. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the dining room.  Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo are siting at the table, eating eggs on toast.  Bluey is chewing with her mouth open.
Bandit: Bluey, come on, chew with your mouth shut.
Bluey: Sorry, Dad. I keep forgetting.
Bandit: That's OK.
Scene: Bluey immediately goes back to chewing with her mouth open.
Bandit: Bluey!
Bluey: Sorry!
Bandit: Well, if you won't listen to me, maybe you'll listen to...
Scene: Bandit reaches under the table, and comes up with the Unicorse puppet.
Bluey, Bingo: Unicorse!
Unicorse: How's it going, salad dodgers?
Bandit: Well, Unicorse, Bluey keeps chewing with her mouth open.
Scene: Unicorse glances from Bluey back to Bandit.
Unicorse: So? I chew with my mouth open all the time. Watch.
Scene: Unicorse picks something out of his mane and pops it in his mouth.
Unicorse: (chewing) Omf om om.
Bandit, Bluey and Bingo: (gasp)
Bandit: Did you just eat a tick from your own hair?
Unicorse: Yep.
Bandit, Bluey and Bingo: Eugh!
Bandit: You know what, kids, don't listen to Unicorse.
Unicorse: What? Why not?
Bandit: 'Cause you're a grub.
Scene: Bandit counts on his fingers.
Bandit: You don't brush your teeth, you don't eat vegetables and you don't take showers.
Unicorse: (burps)
Bingo and Bluey: (laugh)
Bandit: Grub.
Bluey: But that's why we like him. He doesn't care that he's a grub.
Unicorse: I'm happy with who I am. Why should I change?
Scene: Chilli enters.
Chilli: Morning, Bluebears.
Scene: The camera focuses on Unicorse, and does a dramatic dolly zoom on his face.
Unicorse: (gasp)
Scene: The camera cuts to a shot of Chilli walking into the kitchen.  The shot is clearly from Unicorse's perspective - the shot is in soft focus, with side lighting, sparkles, and a noticeable pink tint.  We cut back to the family at the dining room table.
Unicorse: Who is that?!
Bluey: That's our mum!
Unicorse: Well...
Scene: Unicorse licks his hoof, and slicks back his hair and horn.
Unicorse: I'm gonna marry your mum.
Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo: What?!
Scene: Unicorse marches down the table.  Bingo holds him back.
Bingo: (laughing) Stop! She's already married.
Unicorse: And... why should I care?
Bluey: You would care if you knew who she was married to.
Bandit: Yeah.  He's a pretty smooth guy.
Unicorse: Not as smooth as me! Check it.
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  Chilli is loading the dishwasher.  Unicorse pops up from below the countertop.
Chilli: (startled) Ooh!
Unicorse: (singsong) Hey, toots, when are we getting married?
Scene: Cut to a lower view of the kitchen, we can see the kids and Bandit lying on the floor.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Bandit: Mm, smooth.
Chilli: I'd say... never.
Unicorse: Hey, hey, hey! Check me out first.
Scene: Unicorse does a little dance that seems to be intended to show off his bum, if he had one.  He has an orange stain on his back.
Chilli: Is that chilli sauce?
Unicorse: It's sweet chilli sauce.  Care for a lick?
Scene: Unicorse sticks his stain in Chilli's face.
Chilli: Tempting, but no. You look like you've never cleaned your teeth, brushed your hair, or had a shower in your life.
Scene: Chilli closes the dishwater and walks off.
Unicorse: (sobbing)
Bandit: Well, you gave it a good shot. Now, I think you best be getting
Scene: off.
Scene: Bandit starts to remove the puppet.
Bluey and Bingo: No, don't stop!
Unicorse: (suddenly determined) I ain't going nowhere until your mum and I are together.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Bandit: Oh, man.
Unicorse: What were all those things she said? Teeth combing and showuzz?
Bluey and Bingo: Showers
Unicorse: Whatever. Show me how to do 'em.
Bluey: OK, come with us.
Unicorse: Alright!
Scene: Unicorse pantomimes walking after them, but gets nowhere as Bandit is still lying on the floor.
Bandit: The thing is, I do this to myself.
Unicorse: [voiceover] I don't know what that says, I can't read!
Scene: Cut to the bathroom.  Unicorse is holding an electric toothbrush in both hooves, and Bingo is applying toothpaste for him.
Bingo: This is toothpaste.
Unicorse: Do I eat it?
Bluey and Bingo: (laugh)
Bingo: No! It makes your teeth clean.
Unicorse: What does this button do?
Scene: Unicorse pushes the button on the toothbrush, which begins to vibrate, spraying toothpaste everywhere.
Unicorse: Argh! Argh! Argh!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: Cut to Unicorse in the shower, panicking and running in circles.
Unicorse: Argh! (continues shouting unintelligibly)
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: Cut to the kids' bedroom.  Bluey is sitting on her bed, brushing Unicorse's hair.
Unicorse: Ow! Ow! Ow! That's it! You get the horn!
Scene: Unicorse turns around and tries to stab Bluey with his soft fabric horn.
Bluey: (giggles)
Scene: Cut to the dining room.  Bluey puts a plate with a broccoli floret in front of Unicorse.  Unicorse nibbles on it and spits it out.
Unicorse: (retching) Gah! Yuk!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Unicorse: (retching) Gah!
Bandit: Maybe self-improvement
Scene: just isn't for you.
Scene: Bingo starts eating her own broccoli floret.
Bluey: Listen, Unicorse, no-one wants to eat broccoli.
Bingo: Except me.
Bluey: You just have to do it.
Unicorse: But why do I have to?
Scene: Bluey sets a photo of Chilli on the table.  She is posing in front of the Sidney Opera House.  She looks much younger - she has longer hair and almost no gray hairs in her coat.
Bluey: Because you want to marry Mum and she loves broccoli eaters.
Unicorse: Okay, let's do this.
Scene: Unicorse starts munching on the broccoli.  Cut to the shower.  Bluey is holding the photo.  As the water is turned on, Unicorse screws up his face with effort.
Unicorse: (groans with effort).
Scene: Cut to the kids bedroom.  Bluey is brushing Unicorse's hair; Unicorse is staring at the photo of Chilli.
Unicorse: Ow! (grunts)
Scene: Cut to the bathroom.  Unicorse has got the toothbrush in his mouth this time, and Bingo is holding up the photo of Chilli for him.  Toothpaste sprays everywhere when he turns the toothbrush on.
Unicorse: (grunts)
Scene: Cut to the green living room.  Chilli is reading a magazine on the couch.  Bluey and Bingo are peering at her from the stair railing.  Cut to the stairs.  Bandit and Unicorse are sitting on the stairs behind the kids.  Unicorse's hair and horn are slicked back and shiny; his beard is braided, and he's wearing a little black bow tie.
Bluey: Okay, you're ready. Go and talk to Mum.
Unicorse: Okay. A quick tick for the road.
Scene: Unicorse rummages in his hair, but Bluey stops him before he can eat the tick.
Bluey: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You cannot eat a tick in front of Mum.
Scene: Bluey pantomimes grabbing the tick and flicking it to the floor.
Bluey: You got that?
Unicorse: Okay. Yep, got it.
Bluey: (pointedly) You got that, Dad?
Bandit: What's it got to do with me?
Unicorse: Yeah! What's it got to do with him?
Scene: Back at the couch, Chilli is still reading the magazine.  Unicorse pops up from behind the couch.
Unicorse: Hi!
Chilli: (startled) Oh!
Unicorse: Oh, sorry, toot...I mean, love. I didn't mean to scare you.
Chilli: That's okay.
Unicorse: I've just stepped out of the show-ah and brushed my teeth.
Scene: Unicorse lunges forward with his mouth open to show Chilli his teeth.
Scene: Chilli (startled) Oh!
Unicorse: And I'm wondering, would you like to join me for some brocconi?
Scene: Unicorse produces a broccoli floret from somewhere.
Bluey: Broccoli!
Unicorse: Uh, I mean, broccoli.
Scene: Chilli puts down the magazine.
Chilli: Well, I must say, you really have cleaned yourself up. And I love your little bow tie. OK, yes, I'd love to.
Scene: Unicorse grabs a tick from his mane and eats it.
Unicorse: (munches)
Chilli: Oh, my gosh!  (gags)
Scene: Chilli retches, and then runs out of the room.
Unicorse: No! Come back.
Chilli: (gags)
Scene: Unicorse wilts, laying his head on the couch.  Bandit pops up from the floor.
Bandit: Well, that could have gone a bit better.
Bluey: Dad!
Bandit: What?
Unicorse: Oh, I'm sorry, kids. I couldn't help it.
Bingo: It's not your fault, Unicorse.
Bluey: Yeah, it's his.
Bandit: Me?!
Unicorse: Him? I don't understand. I'm the one who ate the tick.
Bluey: Unicorse, you're a puppet. He controls you.
Unicorse: (laughs) Ah, that's a good one.
Bandit: (laughs) Yeah.
Bingo: Dad.
Bluey: You are a puppet.  I'll show you. Say something the exact same time as him.
Unicorse: Okay, we'll say bauxite. You ready?
Bandit: Ready.
Unicorse: Bauxite!
Bandit: Bauxite!
Bluey and Bingo: See? Dad said it after!
Unicorse: Oh, he was just late. Try again.
Unicorse: Bauxite!
Bandit: Bauxite!
Unicorse: (laughs) He's just mucking around.
Scene: Unicorse smooshes Bandit's face.
Unicorse: That's why I love this guy.
Bluey: Dad, tell him the truth.
Bandit: Okay, okay. Look, mate, you are a puppet, and I do control you. I'm sorry.
Unicorse: (laughs) There he goes again.
Bluey: It's true. Have you ever looked at your legs?
Unicorse: What do you mean look at my legs? They're just normal.
Scene: Unicorse pulls up the hem of his torso, revealing Bandit's wrist.
Unicorse: (gasp)
Scene: Unicorse follows the wrist up Bandit's arm to his face.
Unicorse: My life is a lie.
Bandit: Yeah, and one more thing.
Scene: Bandit holds up a wedding photo of himself and Chilli.
Unicorse: (gasps) Oh!
Scene: Unicorse faints. Cut to the front porch.  Bandit is reclining in a chair; Unicorse is sprawled over the arm of the recliner.  His bow tie has fallen off.  Chilli and the girls enter.
Chilli: Hi.
Unicorse: Oh, well, this won't be awkward.
Chilli: What are you doing?
Unicorse: Whatever he wants to do.
Bandit: Someone's feeling a bit sorry for themselves.
Unicorse: Someone? You're a someone! I'm a... no-one.
Chilli: (whispering) You ready?
Scene: The girls nod.
Chilli: (whispering) Go!
Scene: Bluey pulls the puppet off of Bandit's hand.
Bandit as Unicorse: Hey, hey, hey.
Scene: Bluey puts on the puppet.
Bluey as Unicorse: What's going on? Whoa, this feels weird.
Scene: Bluey transfers the puppet to Bingo.
Bingo as Unicorse: Whoa! This is amazing!
Chilli: You know what's good about being no-one?
Bingo as Unicorse: What?
Scene: Bingo transfers the puppet to Chilli.
Chilli: You're everyone.
Scene: Framed against the evening sun, Chilli gives Unicorse a kiss.
Chilli as Unicorse: Whoa!
Scene: Cut to the girls' bedroom at night.  Bandit as Unicorse is tucking Bluey in.
Unicorse: Oh, crazy day.
Bluey: Shyeah.
Unicorse: I've been thinking. How can you be sure you're not a puppet?
Bluey: (giggles) Don't be silly. Night, Unicorse
Unicorse: Night.
Scene: Unicorse walks away.  The camera pulls back through the fourth wall to show the scene in a CelAction2D window.  Over the next 25 seconds, we see a timelapse of Joe Brumm's hand manipulating Bluey's model to animate the scene that follows.  He renders a preview of the scene and presses play, and the camera zooms back in.  It's now daytime.  Bluey sits up and yawns.
Bluey: Wow, that was a weird dream.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits song is an alternate arrangement of the music from the animation dream sequence.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: An establishing shot shows Glasshouse Primary School.  A chicken runs across the yard.
Scene: Snickers sits behind a stump, as though it were a news desk.
Snickers: Welcome back to K9 News.  I'm your news anchor, Snickers.
Scene: He pauses for a beat, and then turns as though facing another camera.  The scene cuts to the new camera angle.
Snickers: Tonight's top story: how deep can one hole go.
Scene: He turns back to the original camera.
Snickers: Our fuzzy dog on the street, Snickers, has the story.
Scene: Snickers puts on his hat and runs out of frame, laughing.
Scene: The scene cuts to the sand pit.  Mackenzie's tail can be seen poking out of a hole, which he continues to throw sand out of.  Snickers runs into the shot a moment later, panting.  He takes a moment to catch his breath.
Snickers: (panting heavily) Huh... huh... Ughhh.
Scene: Snickers snaps into his news anchor persona, pretending to hold a microphone in one hand, and touch an earpiece with the other.
Snickers: That's right, Snickers.  The dig continues.
Scene: Snickers turns to face the hole.
Snickers: How much deeper will you go, Mackenzie?
Scene: A plastic thump sounds out.
Scene: Mackenzie (off screen) Aah! I hit the bottom!
Snickers: Incredible.  Back to you, Snickers.
Scene: He runs out of frame.
Scene: Back at the stump, he runs in panting.  He sits down, takes off the hat, and brushes himself off.
Snickers: Thanks for that, Snickers. Onto the traffic report.  How's it looking out there today, Snickers?
Scene: He runs off screen.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey, playing helicopter on another stump.  Snickers sits in the passenger position.
Snickers: Well, Snickers, it's pretty wild out here.
Scene: The camera pulls back.  The Terriers are jumping in a circle going Boing!  Jack and Rusty watch.
Snickers: There's a bunch of kangaroos on the freeway!
Rusty: Ugh! They're everywhere!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Snickers at the news desk.
Snickers: Oh-ho, no.  I'd hate to be in their shoes.  Now, to Snickers, with the weather.
Scene: The scene cuts to Snickers, standing near the tree fort.  The wind is blowing heavily.
Snickers: IT'S WINDY!
Scene: His hat blows off.
Snickers: Aah! No!
Scene: He chases after it.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the news desk.  A few leaves drift through the air, as Snickers brushes himself off.
Snickers: Well, that's it for K9 News.  Good night, and keep those tails waggin'.
Scene: The camera cuts to a side shot, showing that Winton has been sitting on the ground, serving as the audience.  He claps.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The Bluey and Ludo Studio logs are shown.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with Bandit driving the car.  Bluey and Bingo are in their car seats in the back.  Bluey leans into the center of the car.
Bluey: Dad, who's your favorite — me or Bingo?
Bandit: Favorite?
Bluey: Keeping in mind, I can run the fastest.
Bingo: Yeah but I can whistle.
Scene: Bingo whistles, barely.
Bingo: See?
Scene: The scene cuts to a grocery store parking lot.  Bandit parks the car and opens the rear door.  Bluey gets out immediately.
Bluey: So who?
Bandit: You're both my favorites.
Bluey: But I can kick my own bum , watch.  Hunh!
Scene: Bluey jumps up and kicks her bum.
Bandit: Look kid, parents don't pick favorites.
Bluey: Why not?
Scene: Bingo jumps down from the car.
Bandit: They just don't.
Bingo: One, two...
Scene: Bingo kicks her bum and giggles.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit and the kids entering the grocery store.
Bandit: Alright, Let's hit this hard and quick. Sound good, kids?
Bluey: Ooh! Hey, Bingo, let's play Kids.
Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: Awww, not Kids!
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Kids!
Scene: The scene cuts to the entrance gate of the grocery store.  Bandit holds it open for the kids while reading his list.
Bluey: Okay Bingo, you're a toddler and your name is Snowdrop — and I'll be your mum.
Bingo: (baby talk) Okay, Mama.
Bluey: (to Bandit) And you're Snowdrop's older brother. And your name is (giggles) Diddums.
Bandit: Diddums?!
Scene: The children giggle and Bluey takes the shopping list from Bandit.
Bluey: I'll take that Diddums.
Scene: Bandit shakes his head and looks tired.
Scene: The scene changes to the trolley section of the store.
Bluey: Are you ready to go shopping Snowdrop?
Bingo: (baby talk) Yeah, Mama.
Scene: Bandit tries to take a trolley but Bluey stops him.
Bluey: Unh, unh, unh! Mum's i ncharge of the trolley, Diddums, children use those ones.
Scene: Bluey points to a child-size trolley.
Bandit: Oh, Mum!
Scene: The kids giggle again.
Scene: The scene changes to the produce section.  Bluey runs with the trolley while Bingo squeals with glee.  She crashes into the lettuce, knocking one to the ground.
Bluey: No dilly-dallying, Diddums.
Scene: She runs off, out of frame.  Bandit enters the shot.
Bandit: Yes Mum.
Scene: Bandit hurriedly grabs vegetables and puts them in his tiny trolley.
Scene: The scene changes to the dairy aisle.  Bluey is holding up a gallon of chocolate milk.
Bluey: Chocolate or pink, Snowdrop?
Bingo: (baby talk) Both!
Bluey: Okay, my sweetie.
Scene: Bluey drops the chocolate milk in the trolley, and turns to get some strawberry milk.
Bingo: (baby talk) Snowdrop love chocolate milk.
Scene: Bandit stealthily takes the chocolate milk out of the trolley to put it back.
Bingo: (baby talk) Mama, Mama! Diddums being sneaky!
Scene: Bandit waves his hands and mouths no.
Bingo: Mama Mama Diddums' being sneaky!
Bluey: Diddums! How very dare you! And who said you can have all that green stuff?
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bandit: Please, Mum, can't we get some vegetables?
Bluey: Of course not! Do you think I'm made of money?
Scene: Bluey drops the strawberry milk in the trolley.
Bandit: Well, how come Snowdrop gets chocolate milk?
Scene: Bingo uses her cute face.
Bluey: Because she's so cuuuute!
Bandit: What?!
Bluey: Now put them back!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the produce section.
Bandit: (Groaning) Ohhh.
Scene: In the background, Bluey and Bingo crash the car into the end of the produce aisle.
Scene: Bandit growls as he starts to put produce back.  His friend Rocko approaches.
Rocko: G'day Bandit, how's it going?
Bandit: Hey, Rocko. Don't ask.
Scene: Bluey walks in, furious.
Bluey: What's going on, Diddums! Lollygagging with your friends again?
Bandit: Muuuum, your embarrassing me.
Bluey: Back to the trolley this instant young man!
Bandit: Yes, Mum. See ya, Rocko.
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Bluey: Oh hello Rocko. How's your mother?
Rocko: She's good, Mrs. Heeler.
Scene: The scene changes to an endcap display of chips.  Bingo and Bandit are waiting for Bluey.  Bingo picks up a packet of chips, and then conspicuously drops it.
Bluey: Honestly, Diddums, I can't believe— Oh! Who threw this on the ground?
Scene: Bingo points at Bandit.
Bluey: Diddums!
Bandit: WHAT?! It wasn't me, it was Snowdrop!
Scene: Bingo makes a very cute face.
Bluey: Snowdrop would never do such a thing.
Bandit: This isn't fair! You always take her side.
Bluey: That's because Snowdrop is an angel and you're a very naughty boy!
Bandit: (gasps) Huh! Well, I'm a naughty boy, am I?
Bluey: Yes, you're a very naughty boy.
Bingo: (baby talk) Naughty boy!
Scene: Bluey giggles
Bandit: Okay then.
Scene: Bandit steals the shopping list, and runs off with the trolley.
Bluey: Hey!
Bingo: Naughty boy! (x2)
Bluey: Diddums, come back this instant!
Scene: The scene changes to the health food aisle. Bandit sweeps packages off the shelf as he runs past.
Bandit: Flaxseed, pepitas, almond flour — yes, please!
Bingo: Naughty boy! (x9)
Bluey: Stop it Diddums! You will do what your mother says.
Bandit: No! I'm a naughty boy!
Bluey: Didduuuums!
Scene: The scene changes to another aisle.  Bluey runs hard, and overtakes Bandit.
Bandit: Walnuts, psyllium husks, sugar-free chocolate — don't mind if I do!
Scene: Bluey gets in front of the cart, and holds out her hands.  Bandit stops.
Bluey: Stop! Put. That. Back.
Bandit: NO!
Scene: Bingo giggles while Bluey removes her from the trolley seat.
Bluey: Ooh-hoo-hoo! You wait 'til your father hears about this!
Scene: Bandit blows a raspberry and holds the sugar-free chocolate over the trolley.
Bluey: Ugh! I'm going to count to three, Diddums.
Bluey: One... Two...  Two and a half...
Scene: Bandit drops the chocolate into the trolley.
Bluey: (gasps) That's it!
Scene: Bluey stomps angrily towards Bandit.
Bluey: (grunting) Heh, heh, heh!
Bluey: (whispering) You have to bend down.
Bandit: (whispering) Oh, okay.
Scene: Bandit bends down, and Bluey grabs his ear.
Bluey: You're going to time out young man!
Bandit: Ow ow ow ow ow!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Scene: The scene cuts to the toilet paper display.  Bluey pulls Bandit along by his ear.
Bandit: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
Scene: She lets him go, and he rubs at his ear.
Bluey: Now you sit in that toilet paper chair and have a good think about what you've done.
Bandit: Toilet paper chair?! This isn't fair, Mum! Why doesn't Snowdrop have to go to timeout? She's the one who's being cheeky!
Bluey: Because she's my favorite!
Scene: Bandit gasps.
Bandit: You mean Snowdrop's really your favorite?
Bluey: Yes. Snowdrop is my favorite.
Bandit: Oh, I see. I'll just sit here until you tell me I can come out.
Scene: Bandit sits on a package of toilet paper.
Bluey: Well, um...Yes, good.
Scene: The scene briefly cuts to a plastic donation dog.  It cuts again to the greeting card display.  Bingo is playing with a musical card.  Bandit can be seen in time-out in the background.
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Scene: Bluey looks at Bandit.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit.  A docket boy is going down the aisle with a pricing gun.  He sticks a price label on Bandit's forehead.
Docket Boy: ...Can I help you?
Bandit: I wish you could, mate.
Scene: The docket boy walks away.  Bluey looks guiltily at Bandit.  Bingo is giggling at the musical card.
Bluey: No cards, today, sweetie. Put them back, Come on.
Bingo: (baby talk) No! Snowdrop want card!
Bluey: Maybe that's enough time in the toilet paper chair for your brother, I think. Come on, Snowdrop.
Scene: Bingo throws an armful of cards up in the air.
Bingo: (baby talk) Stinky Mummy! Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
Bluey: Snowdrop!
Scene: Bingo blows a raspberry.
Bluey: You are a cheeky toddler!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit.  He's talking to a customer.
Bandit: Personally, I can't go back to single ply.
Customer: No, that's madness.
Scene: Bandit hands the customer a package of toilet paper.
Customer: See ya, mate.
Bluey: You can come out now, Diddums.
Bandit: Oh, good, 'cause this is actually embarrassing.
Scene: Bluey helps pull Bandit out.
Bluey: You were right. It was Snowdrop being cheeky all along. I'm sorry I didn't believe you, and that I said she was my favourite.
Scene: Bluey hugs Bandit.
Bandit: I love you, Mum.
Scene: While they hug, a customer reaches behind them to get a package of toilet paper, then walks away, staring at them.
Bluey: Diddums, can I put you in charge of the trolley?
Bandit: Yes, Mum.
Bluey: 'Cause I've got a cheeky toddler to sort out!
Scene: Back at the card display, Bandit is reading his list.  Bluey makes Bingo pick up the cards.  Bingo throws them in the air and runs away.  Bluey drags her back.
Scene: A brief time lapse shows the trolley filling up with normal groceries.
Scene: At the candy aisle, Bingo picks up a huge lollipop.  She gives Bluey her best please face yet.  Bluey shakes her head.  Bingo stomps her foot and puts it back.
Scene: In the toy aisle, Bluey is following Bandit.  She stops and looks back — Bingo is throwing a tantrum on the floor.  Bluey walks away.  Bingo stops and sits up when she sees she has no audience.
Scene: The scene changes to the checkout.  The checkout lady is dooting their groceries.
Bluey: You've been such a great help today, Diddums.
Bandit: Muuum, you're embarrassing me.
Checkout Lady: What a fine young boy you have there, Mrs. Heeler.
Bluey: Thank you, checkout lady. He is definitely my favourite.
Scene: Bandit gasps.
Bluey: Ooh! I mean... both my children are my favourites.
Scene: Bandit ruffles Bluey's hair.  She giggles.
Checkout Lady: Um, Mrs. Heeler?
Scene: The checkout lady points to the conveyor.  Bluey is sitting on a box of cereal, treating a stick of celery as an oar.
Bingo: ♫ Row, row, row your boat / gently down the stream ♫
Bluey: Snowdrop!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music, a peppy flute melody, plays over the credits.  Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler house. In the kitchen, Bandit is playing 'Mountain Climber' with Bingo.
Bandit: Here comes the mountain climber! Is she gonna (grunts) get to the top? (grunts) She made it!
Bingo: I made it!
Scene: Bluey walks in.
Bandit: Uh-oh, it's getting windy!
Scene: Bingo laughs as Bandit moves around.
Bandit: It's getting windy!
Bluey: Look out, Bingo!
Scene: Bandit lets Bingo down to the ground.
Bandit: Oh, she's fallen down! (groans)
Bingo: Again, again!
Bluey: Do that to me!
Bandit: Oh, man. Is there some game where I just lie really still on a comfy bed or something?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo look at each other.
Bluey, Bingo: Hospitals!
Bandit: Oh, not hospital.
Bingo: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Hospital.
Scene: In the playroom, Bingo leads Bandit to a bed made of two couch cushions.
Bingo: Please lie here.
Bandit: Thanks, Doctor.
Bingo: No, I'm the nurse.
Bandit: Oh, sorry. Thanks, Nurse. My name is Telemachus.
Scene: Bingo picks up a remote control.
Bingo: This remote control makes the bed go up and down, Telemachus.
Bandit: Oh, great!
Bingo: This one makes the legs go up...
Scene: Bingo vocalises the sounds of the remote and bed as Bandit's head pillow is pushed up.
Bandit: Ah!
Bingo: Oops, wrong button. Sorry, dear.
Scene: Bingo vocalises the sounds of the remote and bed as Bandit's head pillow goes back down, his leg pillow goes up, and then goes back down.
Bandit: Uh! Ah! Oh!
Scene: Bingo puts a thermometer in Bandit's mouth.
Bingo: Now don't worry, we're going to make you feel all better.
Bandit: Oh, good. I'm actually a bit nervous at hospitals.
Bingo: There's no need to be nervous.
Scene: Suddenly, Bluey is revealed to be standing right next to Bandit.
Bluey: Hello!
Bingo, Bandit: Aah!
Bluey: I'm the doctor!
Bandit: Oh, hello, Doctor. My name is—
Scene: Bluey pricks Bandit with a needle (actually a wooden block).
Bluey: Sting!
Bandit: Ouch!
Scene: Bingo applies a Band-Aid to the wound consolingly, then moves to gently pat Bandit.
Bingo: Oh, brave boy.
Bandit: What was that??
Bluey: A needle. Now, what seems to be the matter?
Bandit: Why did you give me a needle before asking me what's the matter?
Bluey: Because I'm very busy. Now, what's up?
Bandit: Well, my belly hurts.
Scene: Bluey pulls out a stethoscope and listens to Bandit's belly.
Bluey: Have you got a baby in there?
Bandit: No, I don't think so.
Bluey: Nurse, do an X-ray on the big blue guy, please. I think there's a baby in there.
Bingo: Yes, Doctor.
Scene: Bingo runs off to get the X-ray machine.
Bandit: Hang on, I really don't think I have a—
Scene: Bluey pricks Bandit with another needle.
Bluey: Sting!
Bandit: Ouch!
Bluey: Bye!
Scene: Bluey leaves, and Bingo walks back in with a shoebox.
Bandit: Good grief! She certainly likes those needles.
Bingo: Don't worry, sweetie. It's all to make you feel better. Now, time for your X-ray. Ready?
Scene: Bandit nods as Bingo prepares to use the shoebox as an X-ray machine on his belly.
Bingo: Three, two, one. (grunts) X-ray!
Scene: She runs to draw up an X-ray on paper.
Bingo: X-ray'll be ready in a jiffy!
Bandit: Ah, good. I'll just relax...
Scene: Bluey runs back in with the needle at the ready.
Bluey: I'm back! Sting!
Scene: She pricks Bandit again.
Bandit: Yow! Bluey! I mean, Doctor. Can that be the last injection, please?
Bluey: Nope.
Scene: Bingo walks over with the completed X-ray.
Bingo: Here's the X-ray, Doctor.
Bluey: Oh, thank you. I'll just get this plaster off.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: Bluey rips off the Band-aid.
Bluey: Rip!
Bandit: Ow!
Bingo: (consolingly) Brave boy.
Scene: Bingo pats Bandit's head as Bluey takes the X-ray and holds it up.
Bluey: Oh, well this does not look good. You see just here?
Scene: Bluey points at the X-ray, where Bingo has drawn a cat inside Bandit.
Bandit: Oh, look. It's a... possum?
Bluey: Yes. You have a possum in your belly.
Bingo: That's not a possum. It's a cat.
Bluey: Oh yeah. You have a cat in your belly.
Bandit: How did it get in there?
Bingo: Did you eat one?
Bandit: No!
Scene: Bluey throws the X-ray aside.
Bluey: Well, no one really knows how cats get in your belly, but probably through your belly button?
Bandit: What? Really?
Bluey: Yeah. Probably, they just set up a slide while you're asleep, and just slide right in, you know?
Bandit: My goodness.
Bluey: We'll have to operate.
Bingo: Yes, Doctor.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run to Bandit's other side. Bluey pulls out an egg beater and starts cranking it.
Bandit: Woah, hang on.
Bluey: Let's do this. Here's a magazine to read.
Scene: She throws a magazine on Bandit's face. He grunts and removes it.
Bandit: You mean you're not even going to put me to sleep first?
Bluey: Oh, yeah. I guess we could. Nurse, can you put this big blue guy to sleep, please?
Bingo: Yes, Doctor.
Scene: Bingo puts a sleep mask over Bandit's mouth and sings as Bandit yawns and falls asleep.
Bingo: ♫ Go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep, big Telemachus... ♫
Scene: Bandit snores.
Bingo: He's asleep!
Bluey: Oh, good, I can give him another needle! Sting!
Scene: She pricks Bandit again, who is suddenly not sleeping.
Bandit: OW! Bluey!
Bluey: You're meant to be asleep!
Bandit: No. More. Needles!
Bluey: Fine.
Bingo: ♫ Go to sleep, go to sleep... ♫
Scene: Bandit falls asleep again.
Bingo: (whispering) He's asleep.
Bluey: Ok, let's go!
Scene: Bluey runs the egg beater over Bandit's belly, making whirring sounds as she does.
Bandit: Oh! Oh! Ow!
Bluey: Now, let's get this cat out!
Scene: She reaches her hand 'into' Bandit. Something squeaks.
Bluey: Oh, I think I got it! (grunts) Here, kitty! Ah!
Scene: Bluey pulls out a squeaky stuffed octopus, and quickly begins to struggle with it.
Bingo: Ah! That's not a cat! That's an octopus! Put it back in! I think it's supposed to be in there!
Scene: Bluey attempts to shove the octopus back in.
Bluey: Get back in, octopus! So many tentacles!
Bingo: Doctor, catch!
Scene: Bingo throws Bluey the remote. Bluey then uses it to pound the octopus back in as it squeaks. Bandit grunts form this.
Bluey: Get. Back. In!
Scene: The remote falls in with the octopus.
Bluey: Aah! Bingo! It's got the remote! Let go!
Scene: Bandit's bed begins to go haywire, lifting his head and legs at random. The stuffed octopus is still squeaking.
Bandit: Woah!
Bluey: Hey! Let go! Hey, I see that cat! I see the cat! Nurse, give me something to whack it with.
Bingo: Ok.
Scene: Bingo hands Bluey an inflatable hammer, which she uses to pound even harder, causing more squeaking from the octopus and more grunting from Bandit Bingo comes over and shines a torch, helping Bluey see.
Bluey: Oh, I've got his tail!
Bingo: Pull it!
Scene: Bluey groans, then screams.
Bingo: What happened?
Bluey: It bit me!
Bingo: Oh, you poor dear!
Scene: Bingo puts a Band-Aid on Bluey's hand.
Bluey: That cat's not going anywhere!
Bingo: Oh, my.
Bluey: Better wake the big blue guy and tell him.
Bingo: You mean... we can't make him feel all better?
Bluey: No. Wake up, mate!
Scene: Bluey snaps the sleep mask against Bandit's face.
Bandit: OW! Bluey!
Bluey: Doctor Bluey.
Bandit: Is the operation finished?
Bluey: Yeah. Sorry. There's nothing we can do. That cat just won't come out.
Bandit: Oh. I see.
Bluey: Now, I've got other patients. You're on your own.
Bandit: What?
Bluey: See ya!
Scene: Bluey leaves, and Bingo walks to Bandit's other side to comfort him.
Bandit: Oh, I thought I was going to feel all better.
Bingo: I'm sorry.
Bandit: That's Ok. You tried your best.
Scene: Bingo looks around sadly.
Bingo: Hm...
Scene: She brightens.
Bingo: Leave it with me.
Bandit: Ok, Nurse.
Scene: Bingo goes to add to the X-ray. Over in another part of the playroom, Bluey is examining a stuffed fox with her stethoscope.
Bluey: Those prickles will have to come out, I'm afraid.
Scene: Bingo enters with a new drawing.
Bingo: Excuse me, Doctor...
Bluey: I'm very busy, Nurse.
Bingo: I know, but can you look at this X-ray again?
Bluey: If it's from the big blue guy, there's really nothing I can do.
Bingo: Just check it a bit closer.
Bluey: Fine.
Scene: Bluey takes the X-ray and examines it as Bingo smiles excitedly.
Bluey: (gasps) Wait a minute! I didn't see this before!
Scene: Back in the other part of the playroom, Bandit yawns and relaxes on his bed. Bluey walks over, startling Bandit.
Bluey: Hello, big blue guy.
Bingo: His name's Telemachus.
Bluey: Something else has turned up on your X-ray, Telemachus.
Bandit: Really?
Bluey: Look, here.
Scene: Bluey points at the X-ray, where Bingo has added a mouse inside Bandit.
Bandit: Oh, it's a... pot plant?
Bingo: No, it's a mouse.
Bandit: Ah. Of course. A mouse.
Bluey: I think you swallowed a mouse.
Bingo: And then the cat ran in after it!
Bluey: Because cats chase mice!
Bandit: Oh, goodness. What are you going to do?
Bluey: Hmm... What if we lured the mouse out?
Bingo: With some cheese!
Bluey: Then the cat would chase the mouse!
Bandit: Right out of my belly!
Bluey, Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Cut to cheese being hung like bait from a fishing rod by a laughing Bingo as Bluey holds Bandit's mouth open.
Bluey: A little bit lower... a little bit lower...
Scene: Bluey reaches down and pulls out a stuffed mouse.
Bluey: There's the mouse!
Scene: She pulls out a stuffed cat.
Bluey: Rawr! And there's the cat!
Bluey, Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: Bingo goes to take the cat and Bluey walks around Bandit.
Bingo: Oh, good kitty.
Bluey: How do you feel?
Bandit: Hmm... I feel all better!
Bluey, Bingo: Hooray!
Bandit: Thanks, Doctor. And thank you, Nurse.
Scene: Bingo pats Bandit's head.
Bingo: You're welcome.
Bandit: Well, if that's that, I guess I'll be on my way.
Scene: Bandit stretches and gets up.
Bluey: Oh, one more thing.
Bandit: What's that?
Scene: Bluey pricks Bandit with the needle yet again.
Bluey: Sting!
Bandit: Ow!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - an acapella groove. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo are humming, whilst drawing with chalk on the pavement. A white truck pulls up whilst blasting music. Bluey and Bingo hear this, and look. Sparky exits the car.]
Bluey: Huh? Who's that?
Scene: [A green car pulls up, Chippy exits the car as well.]
Bingo: And who is that?
Scene: [Chippy waves at Cherry, who drives away, annoyed. Chippy frowns, seeming upset.]
Scene: [The two look, and nod. They start walking towards the house.]
Bluey: Ah! Enemies! Bark at them!
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo get up and run towards the tradies, the two bark at them, which doesn't affect the tradies.]
Bluey: It's not working! Run!
Scene: [The two scream while running inside. It then cuts to show Chilli talking to the two.]
Chilli: I'm working from home this week, so yell if you need me.
Sparky: No worries, Chilli.
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo are seen hiding under the house, spying on the tradies, their enemies.]
Bluey: He knows Mum's name.
Chilli: And you're sure it'll only take three days?
Sparky: Yeah, three or four.
Chilli: Is it three or is it four?
Bingo: What will be three or four?
Bluey: I don't know!
Scene: [Sparky walks off, singing. Chilli walks inside, whilst Chippy sprays red spray paint on the grass. The two jump, as they see Chippy do so.]
Scene: [It cuts, showing Chilli about to go inside.]
Bluey: Psst, Mum!
Chilli: Huh?
Bluey: Down here. [She waves her hand to signal where, which catches Chilli's attention.]
Chilli: Oh, hey girls.
Bluey: Who are they?!
Bingo: And why are they painting our grass?!
Chilli: They're tradies. They're putting in a fishpond.
Bluey: When are they leaving?
Chilli: Well, they said three days, but now I'm not so sure. Keep an eye on them for me, alright? Make sure they're working hard.
BOTH: Okay!
Scene: [Chilli walks up the steps.]
Bluey: Bingo!
Bingo: Yes?
Bluey: We're going to spy on the tradies.
Bingo: Uss.
Scene: [The title card appears, a bottle of chocolate milk.]
Bluey (reading): This episode of Bluey is called Tradies.
Scene: [It cuts back, the tradies digging a hole.]
Sparky: It just needs the hole fixed up and a new outlook.
Bluey: All he does is talk about his boat!
Sparky: I don't know. What's going on?
Chippy: I'm just going to the truck.
Sparky: Alrighty, don't be long. We've got a lot to do.
Scene: [Chippy, 'Chocolate Milk' walks out the hole.]
Bingo: Where's Chocolate Milk going?
Bluey: I don't know. I'll follow him. You watch Big Belt.
Scene: [Bluey looks into the front yard, where Chippy is texting on his phone.]
Bluey: Hmm, he's on his phone.
Scene: [Sparky walks in the front yard, and spots him.]
Sparky: Oi.
Chippy: Oh, sorry boss.
Scene: [Bluey narrates over the scene, before it switches to Bluey and Bingo talking to Chilli.]
Bluey: And then Big Belt called Chocolate Milk that word Dad said when the mower didn't start.
Chilli: Oh dear. Are they working hard?
Bingo: Chocolate Milk isn't. He's on his phone all the time!
Bluey: Yeah. Big Belt does not like it.
Chilli: Neither do I, I want that pond done in three days.
Bingo: Do you think Big Belt and Chocolate Milk are enemies?
Bluey: Yes. And both of them are our enemies.
Scene: [Chilli is looking out the window through the blinds. She looks at Chippy texting.]
Chilli: I wonder who he's texting.
Bluey: Ooh. We can find out!
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo run off.]
Scene: [Chippy and Sparky are seen putting rocks down around the hole. Chippy gets a notification from his phone Chippy grabs his phone. Sparky walks off.]
Sparky: Oi, back to work. Not here for a haircut, Chippy. [He wheels a wheelbarrow with dirt in it away.]
Scene: [As Sparky walks off, Chippy gets out of the hole and calls someone.]
Bluey: Okay, he's phone calling.
Bluey: I'm going to get closer.
Bingo: I'll watch Big Belt.
Chippy: I didn't say that.
Scene: [Bluey wheels her toy car over, to spy on Chippy.]
Chippy: I did say that, but I didn't mean it though.
Scene: [Bingo spies, and sees Sparky wheeling the empty wheelbarrow back to the backyard.]
Bingo: Oh no!
Chippy: Cherry, you're not letting me explain.
Scene: [Sparky spots Bluey behind the toy car.]
Sparky: Oh, hey kid.
Bluey: Ah!
Scene: [Bluey runs off whilst Bingo barks at him.]
Sparky: Haha, little tackers.
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo run back to Chilli.]
Bluey: Mum! We found out who Chocolate Milk is texting.
Chilli: Oh, good one.
Bluey: It's a girl called Cherry.
Chilli: Oh. Really?
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo nod.]
Chippy: No, Cherry.
Bluey: Is that Cherry?
Bingo: Maybe. But they look like enemies.
Bluey: Yeah, they do.
Bingo: Why would you phone call your enemy?
Chilli: Maybe they had an argument and he's trying to say sorry.
BOTH: Hey!
Chilli: Oh. Uh. I mean... time for dinner!
Scene: [It shows the night sky with hills and a large tree. The moon goes down and the sun comes up.]
Scene: [The truck pulls up again, this time Chippy and Sparky both exit the truck.]
Bluey: Look! Chocolate Milks coming in Big Belt's car this morning.
Bingo: But where's Cherry?
Bluey: I don't know.
Scene: [Sparky is seen eating an apple, whilst Chippy puts up more rocks.]
Bingo: Big Belt's eating an apple!
Bluey: Ooh, okay. [She draws an apple with red chalk.]
Bingo: He said he really wants to eat a pie. But, someone called 'Me Missus' won't let him.
Scene: [Bluey draws a pie with lines coming from it, looking freshly baked.]
Bluey: Me Missus? Maybe that's Big Belt's enemy!
Scene: [Bluey crosses out the pie.]
Bluey: What else did you spy?
Bingo: Well, Chocolate Milk found a dead toad and threw it at Big Belt.
Scene: [Bluey draws a toad.]
Bingo: Big Belt's cousin fell off a fishing boat, but he was okay. And Chocolate Milk isn't allowed to drive his car.
Scene: [Bluey draws a boat. Chilli peeks down.]
Chilli: Did Cherry call?
Bingo: No. Big Belt did one phone call where he yelled at someone about bricks.
Chilli: Oh. Okay.
Bingo: He called them the word you said when the dishwasher broke.
Chilli: Oh dear.
Bluey: These enemies are very confusing!
Scene: [Music plays, Bluey and Bingo gasp as the realize the ice cream truck has pulled up.]
Bingo: Ice cream?
Scene: [It shows Sparky and Chippy digging.]
Chippy: Ice cream?
Scene: [It shows a split screen, where we see all four.]
ALL: Ice cream!
Scene: [The scene with Sparky and Chippy cuts, where it shows only Bluey and Bingo.]
BOTH: Can we have one?!
Chilli: Nope.
Scene: [The both of them scream and fall over.]
Ice-cream Lady: You got them?
Sparky: Yep.
Bingo: He's getting sprinkles...
Ice-cream Lady: Thanks fellows.
Chippy: Hey, Cherry. No, I can talk.
Sparky: I wonder if anyone wants this spare ice cream?
Scene: [Bingo gasps and runs off.]
Bluey: Bingo!
Bingo: Me, me, me!
Scene: [It cuts, showing Sparky, Bluey and Bingo sitting on the sidewalk. Bluey and Bingo are sitting far from Sparky. Bluey and Bingo are taking turns licking.]
Bluey: Does 'Me Missus' know you're eating ice cream?
Sparky: Who?
Bingo: Me Missus. We know he doesn't let you eat pies.
Sparky: Oh. Me Missus. You mean Jules! She's my wife.
Bluey: Oh. So she's not your enemy.
Sparky: Well, not usually. Hey, hang on, have you been spying on us?
Bingo: Yes. Cause your our enemy.
Sparky: Really? How come?
Bluey: You're digging up our grass.
Sparky: Oh yeah, I guess we are. My kids like to spy too.  What else did you find out?
Bluey: We know all about your boat.
Bingo: And that Cherry is Chocolate Milk's enemy.
Sparky: Chocolate Milk? Ah, you mean Chippy. Yeah well, I guess he and Cherry are enemies at the moment. But they're trying to be friends again.
Bluey: Oh.
Sparky: You kids are good spies.
Bluey: Really?
Sparky: Oh yeah.
Bluey: Thanks.
Scene: [The three watch Chippy talking to Cherry on the phone.]
Sparky: Do you think enemies can ever become friends?
Bluey: Hm... maybe!
Chilli: Are you guys eating ice cream?!
Sparky: Oh, sorry Chilli. That was me.
Chilli: Still three days, Sparky?
Sparky: Yep, yep. Four at the most.
Chilli: Okay.
Sparky: I'll tell you what, I wouldn't want to be your mum's enemy. Good chatting with you. I guess we'll go back to being enemies now.
Bluey: Um, yeah.
Scene: [It cuts, showing Sparky working again.]
Sparky: Hey, Chippy! Where's the tape measure?
Scene: [He sees Chippy on his phone once again.]
Sparky: Ah, not again.
Scene: [Bluey sees him, so she goes out.]
Sparky: Where is that tape measure?
Scene: [He spots it, laying on the grass.]
Sparky: How about that?
Scene: [It shows another night passing by, Chippy and Sparky get out the truck once again. This time, Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli are spying. The three look at each other. It cuts, showing the two drilling wood in place.]
Sparky: Oh...
Scene: [He spots a pie on a mushroom table right next to the pond.]
Sparky: Your kidding! [He runs over to the pie, and eats it.] Oh, man.
Scene: [Bluey is seen drawing more, amongst many other drawings.]
Bingo: Bluey, come quick! I think they finished!
Bluey: What?!
Scene: [The two run over to see the finished product. The two are amazed.]
Sparky: Hey kids, what do you reckon?
Scene: [Close ups of the pond are seen. A small waterfall flowing, lily pads, and a rock in the water,]
BOTH: It's amazing.
Scene: [It cuts, showing the tradies leaving.]
Bluey: Thank you for our fish pond! We love it!
Sparky: Your welcome.
Chilli: And you did it in three days!
Sparky: Well, I work better on a full stomach.
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo giggle.]
Chilli: He did well, too.
Sparky: Yep. Kid can work hard when he wants to. Okay, see you later.
ALL: Bye!
Sparky: See ya, Chippy.
Chilli: Oh... is Chocolate Milk-- I mean Chippy not going with you?
Sparky: Nope. He's got a lift.
Scene: [Sparky drives off, to reveal Chippy and Cherry hugging.]
ALL: [gasp]
Scene: [Chippy waves, the two get in the car.]
Scene: [The episode ends with the credits,]
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens on the front porch of Glasshouse Primary School.  Bluey watches Mackenzie and Pretzel play Barky Boats.  In the background, Jack and Rusty are playing army.  Bandit arrives, followed by Bingo.
Bandit: Hey, Blue Cheese!
Scene: He kneels down.  Bluey runs up and hugs him.
Bandit: How was school?
Bluey: Good.
Bandit: That's a shock.
Scene: He turns around, offering a piggyback ride.  Bluey climbs up on his shoulders, and he stands, groaning.
Bandit: Oh, man! My knees!
Scene: They walk down the hill to the car park.  Chloe and Snickers are waiting by the water feature, then chase the the barky boats as they go past.  Winton blows raspberries as his dad arrives to pick him up.  The Terriers' Mum chats with Snicker's mum in the background.
Bluey: Are we heading straight home?
Bandit: Yeah, nah, we got to stop at the chemist.
Bluey & Bingo: The chemist?
Scene: Bandit buckles them in to their car seats.
Bingo: Is the chemist the place that sells sausages?
Bluey: No. That's the bakery.
Bingo: Really? I thought the bakery sells fruit and carrots.
Bluey: Oh, yeah. That's right.
Scene: Bandit sits down in the driver's seat and buckles in.
Bingo: What sort of sausages are we getting from the chemist, Dad?
Bandit: What?
Scene: They drive through the suburbs.
Bandit: Okay. So, what does the bakery sell?
Bluey & Bingo: Bread.
Bandit: And what does the chemist sell?
Bluey & Bingo: Medicine.
Bandit: That's right.
Bluey: Why do we need medicine? Are we sick?
Bingo: (eagerly) Do we have bum worms?
Scene: Bandit chuckles.
Bandit: No. You don't have bum worms.
Bingo: Aw, I want bum worm chocolate.
Bandit: No-one's sick. I just want to get some vitamins for me.
Bluey: Dad, you just told a lie.
Bandit: Huh?
Bingo: What?
Bluey: When you said no-one's sick, that's not true. Coco's sick.
Bingo: You're a liar.
Bandit: Oh, poor Coco.
Bluey: She had to go home at lunch. I hope she's OK.
Bingo: Maybe she has bum worms.
Bandit: I hope not. They're easy to catch.
Bluey: Why do you want vitamins, Dad?
Bandit: Ah, well, I haven't got much energy at the moment. I feel like an old man. I thought some vitamins might help.
Bluey: Is it because of us you feel like an old man?
Bandit: Yeah, a little bit.
Bluey: Oh. Sorry.
Bandit: It's all good. You also make me feel like a young man.
Bingo: That doesn't make sense.
Bluey: How do we make you feel like an old man and a young man?
Bandit: I dunno, but you find a way.
Scene: The car pulls into the chemist shop's car park.
Bandit: Here we go.
Bluey: Ah! Bingo!
Bingo: Oh!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo quickly unbuckle their seatbelts and exit the car.
Bandit: : What?
Scene: With Bandit still in the car, they run through the sliding doors, barking excitedly.  They stop in front of a pair of televisions, attached to the ceiling, which display footage from the store's security cameras.  Both screens show Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey & Bingo: TV shop!
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called: TV Shop.
Scene: Bluey makes faces at the camera and giggles, while Bingo steps back and forth.  Bandit enters the shop.
Bluey: Dad, look! We're on TV!
Scene: The television screen shows Bandit waving to the camera.  Bluey and Bingo make faces.
Bandit: Oh, good one.
Scene: Bandit walks out of view.  Bluey and Bingo continue making faces.
Bandit: I won't be long, kids. Stay where I can see you.
Scene: Bingo giggles.  Bluey dances for the camera.
Scene: The feed on the right screen changes to another camera.  It shows Bandit in another aisle, considering bottles of pills.
Bingo: Look, it's Dad!
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Bluey: Dad's on TV!
Scene: The screen shows Bandit scratching the back of his head, confused.
Bingo: Hi, Dad!
Scene: The feed changes, showing the pharmacy waiting area. Bella and Coco are waiting in folding chairs.  Coco is looking at her phone, Bella is watching something on a tablet with headphones.
Bluey: Oh, look, it's Coco!
Scene: They both wave at the camera.
Bluey & Bingo: Hey, Coco!  Hey! Over here!  Look up!
Scene: Coco doesn't notice.  The feed changes again.  The Terriers lie on the ground, bored out of their minds, as their Mum looks at lipstick.
Bluey: Hey, where'd she go?
Bingo: Bluey, look, it's the Terriers.
Scene: They jump up and down, trying to get the Terriers' attention.
Bluey: Hey, Terriers!
Bingo: Terriers!
Bluey & Bingo: Hey!
Scene: The scene cuts to the make-up aisle.  Bluey and Bingo silently wave from a television screen on the ceiling.  The Terriers lie on the floor, oblivious.  Their mum considers the lipstick display.
Silver Terrier: Mum, please can we go home?
Grey Terrier: This place smells like grandma.
Scene: The Terrier's Mum draws a stripe of pink lipstick on her wrist.
Terrier's Mum: Oh, that's a bit much.
Scene: She puts the lipstick back.
Terrier's Mum: Oh! Scarlet Bombshell.
Scene: She picks up a red lipstick and draws another stripe on her wrist.  The Terriers groan.  The silver Terrier notices Bluey and Bingo.
Silver Terrier: Ah! It's Bluey!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey and Bingo at the entrance.  The terriers are visible on the right screen.  They stand up and start jumping and waving their arms at the camera.
Bingo: They've seen us.
Bluey: Hurray!
Scene: Bingo waves.
Bingo: Hi!
Scene: Bluey waves.
Bluey: Hi, Terriers!
Scene: The camera feed cuts from the Terriers to Winton and his dad in the hygiene products aisle.  Cornelius is looking at a can of deodorant spray.  Winton looks bored.
Bingo: Oh, they're gone.
Bluey: It's Winton!
Bingo: Oh, yeah!
Scene: Winton perks up and runs toward the camera.  He waves.  In the background, his dad surreptitiously sprays deodorant under his arm.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo wave to the camera.
Bluey: Hi!
Scene: On the screen, Winton starts dancing enthusiastically.
Bluey: He's dancing!
Scene: Bingo gasps.
Bingo: That will get Coco's attention!
Scene: Bluey's tail starts to wag.
Bluey: Oh, yeah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo squeal happily.  They join in, doing the same dance as Winton.
Scene: The camera feed cuts back to the Terriers.  They see Bluey and Bingo dancing, and join in.
Scene: The camera feed cuts again, this time to a composite of four camera feeds.  Bluey and Bingo, Winton, and the Terriers are all dancing.  The fourth feed shows Bandit, pondering in the vitamin aisle.
Scene: The left screen is shown; still displaying Bluey and Bingo.  An employee walks behind them, and smiles at their antics.
Scene: The right screen is shown again.  The Terriers are dancing.  The charcoal Terrier falls over backwards, knocking over a display of toilet paper.  One roll leaves the frame, unrolling as it goes.  His mum turns around and begins to scold him.
Scene: The feed cuts back to Winton and his dad.  Winton continues to dance, as his dad puts the deodorant in his basket.  Behind them, the toilet paper rolls past.
Scene: The camera feed cuts back to Bell and Coco in the waiting area.
Bluey: Coco's not looking up. We need to find her and see if she's OK.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo stop dancing and look around.
Bingo: Where is she?
Bluey: I don't know.  Somewhere in here.
Bingo: I could go and look for her.
Bluey: Yeah. And I can guide you on the TVs.
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: Go and ask Dad if that's OK.
Scene: Bingo nods and runs off.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the vitamin aisle.  Bandit is talking to the employee who walked by earlier.  Bingo runs up, ans asks Bandit something.  Bandit nods and says something.  Bingo turns to the camera and gives a double thumbs-up.
Bluey: Yes! Okay. Go out that way.
Scene: Bluey points towards the screen.  Bingo nods and runs out of the bottom of the frame.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the end of an aisle.  Bingo runs in, and looks around.  She looks at the screen for directions.
Bluey: Go down that way.
Scene: Bluey motions to screen left.  Bingo runs to her left.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the end of another aisle.  Bingo stops, looks at the camera, and points to her left.  Bluey gives her a double thumbs-up.
Bluey: Yeah, that's it.
Scene: Bingo runs off to her left.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the cash register.  Bingo runs through the queue area.  Bluey squeals joyfully.
Bluey: Keep going! Find Coco!
Scene: The camera cuts to an aisle endcap display of protein powder.  Winton's dad examines a bottle of protein powder, as Winton dances for the camera.  Bingo runs up.  They link hands and jump up and down joyfully.  Bingo explains what they're doing.
Bluey: Oh, yeah, good idea, Bingo!
Scene: Winton turns to his dad and asks something; his dad nods.
Bluey: Winton can help you find Coco!
Scene: They both turn to the camera and give double thumbs-up.  Bluey gestures to screen left.  They turn to their right and run down another aisle.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the end of a different aisle.  Bingo and Winton run out the end of one aisle, turn left, and run back up the next aisle.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to yet another aisle.  Bingo and Winton find the toilet paper tube at the end of the unrolled toilet paper.  They look at the screen, quizzically.  Bluey points at the screen.
Bluey: Yeah, go down there!
Scene: The follow the trail of toilet paper down the aisle.  The camera cuts to another feed, showing Winton and Bingo following the toilet paper.  It cuts again to the terriers.  Chastened, they are standing still, looking bored.
Scene: Bingo and Winton run up to them.  They all jump and wave their arms in joy.
Bluey: Oh, Bingo, you found everyone except Coco!
Scene: On the screen, Bingo explains to the Terriers.  The charcoal terrier runs to talk to his mum.
Bluey: Oh, yeah, the Terriers will be a great help!
Scene: The Terriers' mum nods.  Everyone's tail wags.  The charcoal Terrier gives the camera a double thumbs-up.  They huddle up to discuss strategy.
Bluey: Hey, what's she doing?
Scene: Bingo, Winton, and the Terrier split up, running out of view in different directions.
Bluey: They're splitting up! Good idea, Bingo!
Scene: She gives the camera a thumbs-up.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the protein powder display.  The charcoal and grey Terriers run past it in differnt directions.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the end of an aisle.  Bingo and Winton, not looking where they're going, bump into each other and fall down.
Bluey: Whoop!  Hee-hee! Be careful!
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the makeup section.  The silver Terrier runs through the corner of the frame.  Cornelius walks in, and notices the Terriers' mum.
The camera feed cuts to a mosaic: in the first quadrant, Winton runs past the checkout.  In the second, the charcoal Terrier runs through the aisle with the toilet paper roll.  In the third, Bingo runs past the protein powder display. In the fourth, Cornelius uses some breath spray. Back in the first quadrant, the grey terrier runs through the checkout area.  In the fourth quadrant, the feed changes to show Winton running past another aisle.
Scene: The feed changes to show Bandit, still contemplating the vitamins.  Bingo runs past him in the background.
Scene: The feed changes to the makeup section.  Cornelius and the Terriers' mum have struck up a conversation.  She talks animatedly while he nods.  The charcoal runs into the center of the frame, then turns to the camera and shrugs.
The feed changes to a mosaic: in the first quadrant, Winton gets up close to a camera and shrugs.  In the second, the silver Terrier stands near the toilet paper roll and shrugs.  In the third, the grey Terrier stands at the end of an aisle and shrugs.  The fourth quadrant still shows the charcoal Terrier, shrugging in the makeup section.
Bluey: What? No-one can find her?
Scene: Bluey looks at the right screen, which shows Coco and her mum, still waiting by the pharmacy.
Bluey: Where are you, Coco?
Scene: The camera feed changes.  Bingo runs up to a standee, showing a dog with glasses directing the viewer to the right.  She points at it.
Bluey: Yeah. Try in there, Bingo!
Scene: Bluey nods and gives a double thumbs-up. Bingo turns and walks past the standee.
Scene: The camera feed changes to the pharmacy waiting area.  Bingo walks in, but she's on the other side of a display shelf - she doesn't spot Coco.
Scene: Bluey gasps.
Bluey: It's Coco! You found her!
Scene: Bingo slowly walks past the display.
Bluey: Aah! Bingo! She's right next to you!
Scene: Bluey points at the camera.  Bingo doesn't notice.  She puts her hands on her hips, annoyed.
Bluey: Turn around!
Scene: The camera feed cuts to a mosaic.  In the first quadrant, Winton waves his arms, then motions to screen right.  In the second quadrant, the silver Terrier waves to get her attention and tries to talk.  In the third quadrant, Bingo looks around the aisle, without noticing the screen.  Bella is now at the pharmacy checkout.  In the fourth quadrant, the charcoal terrier jumps around, trying to get Bingo's attention.  Behind him, the Terrier's mum touches Cornelius' wrist.
Bluey: Just go back that way.
Scene: Bluey waves both her arms to screen left.
Bluey: That way!
Scene: Bandit walks up to Bluey, with a bottle of vitamins and a receipt in hand.
Bandit: Time to go, kid.
Bluey: What? No, please, not yet! I have to see if Coco's okay!
Scene: Bluey points at the screen.
Scene: The screen shows the pharmacy waiting area.  Bingo walks out of frame.
Bluey: : NO! Bingooo!
Scene: Bluey falls to her knees.  Bingo walks up to her from screen left.
Bingo: Hi.
Bluey: Wha—? Wh-what are you doing here?
Bingo: Huh?
Bluey: Just walk exactly back that way.
Scene: Bluey ushers Bingo back out of frame to screen left.  The screen shows Bingo walking back into the pharmacy waiting area.  Bluey gasps.  Bandit shakes the pill bottle at her.
Bandit: Come on.  We gotta go.
Bluey: But I think Coco's here somewhere!
Bandit: Yeah, she's right there.
Scene: Bandit points to screen left.  The viewpoint pulls back, showing Bingo, Coco, and Bella.  The pharmacy waiting area is directly on the other side of a newspaper rack from where Bluey has been standing.
Bluey: : Huh?
Scene: She takes a step forward and looks around the side of the newspaper rack.  She jumps straight up and squeals in surprise.  She runs towards the pharmacy.
Bluey: Coco!
Scene: The monitor shows Bluey run into the pharmacy waiting area.  Bingo follows her as she runs around the display rack that was blocking Bingo's view.  They greet Coco, who takes off her headphones and jumps up.  They link hands and dance in a circle.
Scene: The monitor cuts to a mosaic.  The first quadrant shows Winton jumping up and down in celebration.  The second, third, and fourth quadrants show the terriers doing different jumping dances.
Scene: The feed cuts back to the waiting area.  Bluey, Bingo, and Coco stop dancing.  Bluey points to the screen and says something to Coco.
Scene: The screen shows the mosaic view again.  Winton and the Terriers wave, then begin to dance.  In the fourth quadrant, Cornelius and the Terriers' mum are still talking.
Scene: The screen shows Bluey, Bingo, and Coco.  Bluey and Coco wave, while Bingo pulls a funny face.  They start dancing as well.
Scene: The camera feed cuts to the charcoal Terrier, dancing.  It cuts to the silver Terrier, dancing.  It cuts to the grey Terrier, dancing.  It cuts to Winton, dancing in close-up.
Scene: Bandit stares at the screens, open-mouthed.  He smiles, and sheepishly begins to bounce slightly, not quite brave enough to dance in public.
Scene: The scene cuts to the outside of the chemist.  The sliding door opens, and Bingo, Bandit, and Bluey exit.
Bingo: Did you get your vitamins, Dad?
Scene: Bluey hops over the a concrete stop block.
Bandit: Yeah mate, I did.
Bingo: So you'll have more energy now?
Scene: He opens the door for Bluey.
Bandit: That's the plan.
Scene: Bluey climbs in.  Bingo opens her own door and climbs in.
Bingo: Do we need more energy?
Scene: Bandit opens the driver's door and gets in.
Bandit: Hah! No.  You kids are fine.
Scene: The car starts.
Bandit: Was Coco okay?
Scene: The car starts to back up.
Bluey: Ah, yeah, she's fine.  I think she's got bum worms.
Scene: The brakes squeal as the car suddenly stops.
Bandit: What?
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The energetic background music from the dance segments plays over the credits.  Cornelius fades in, examining a bottle of protein powder.  After a moment, he makes a muscle.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a brief establishing shot of the Heelers' house.  It's daytime.
Scene: The scene cuts to the playroom.  Toys are strewn everywhere, even the roof of the play house.  Bluey is sitting at a low table, circling items in a toy catalog.
Scene: Bluey Ooh, yeah, I want that one.  And that one.
Scene: The scene cuts to a first-person view of the catalog.  She has circled a teddy bear crying rainbows, a bear in a top hat, and a moonlight unicorn.  She circles a sleeping cat with a unicorn horn.
Bluey: Ooh, I definitely want that one.
Scene: She circles a pair of dolls wearing a banana an pineapple costume.
Scene: The scene cuts back to third person.
Bandit: (offscreen) Kids, can you not leave all your stuff everywhere?
Scene: Bandit enters, carrying some toys under his arm.  He steps on an echidna squeaky toy.
Bandit: Ow! (wincing) Biscuits.
Scene: Bingo walks in, listlessly.
Bingo: I'm bored.
Bandit: How can you be bored when you've got this many toys?
Scene: Bandit gestures around the room, then dumps his armful of toys in a basket.  Bluey holds up the catalog.
Bluey: Dad, can you buy me this Tommy Teddy, this Starlight Unicorse, and... this Rainbow Boobear?
Bandit: No.  You kids have got too many toys.
Scene: Bandit picks up the basket of toys and carries it to the cupboard.
Scene: Bluey What? We've hardly got any.
Scene: Bandit opens the cupboard door, and is buried in an avalanche of toys.
Bandit: Ahh!
Scene: A wind up doll activates, and repeatedly bumps into the side of Bandit's head.
Doll: I love you, Mama!
Bandit: That's it! We're having a chuck-out.
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Mr. Monkeyjocks.
Scene: The episode resumes in the playroom.  Bandit, Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli stand next to a pile of toys higher than Bandit and a pair of empty baskets.  Bandit points at one basket and then the other.
Bandit: Okay, one basket for keeping and one basket for chucking.
Bingo: No!
Chilli: But we keep all the special toys, and nothing's going in the bin.  It's all going to needy kids.
Bluey: But we're needy kids!
Bandit: You're spoilt kids.
Bluey: (offended) No, we're not!  Wait, what does that mean?
Chilli: Focus, Heelers.
Scene: Bandit grabs an owl plushie from the pile.
Bandit: Right, first customer.  Chuck.
Scene: Bandit tosses the owl into the 'chuck' basket.
Bluey: Ahhhh!
Scene: Bluey grabs the owl out of the basket.
Bluey: No, Snowy's special.  Keep, keep!
Scene: She puts the owl in the 'keep' basket.
Scene: Bandit sighs and grabs a monkey wearing a tuxedo from the pile.
Bandit: Chuck.
Scene: He tosses the monkey into the 'chuck' basket.
Bingo: Ahhhh!
Scene: Bingo grabs the monkey out of the basket and hugs it.
Bingo: Chutney Chimp's special.  The Bottle Fairy brought me him.
Bandit: Not everything can be special.  That's not how that word works.
Scene: Bandit grabs a pink dog doll from the pile.  He tosses it towards the 'chuck' basket.  Chilli grabs it out of the air.
Chilli: Ahh! Not Lady Sparklehound!
Scene: Bandit rolls his eyes.
Bandit: Oh, we're off to a great start.
Scene: The shot changes to an overhead view of the contents of the two baskets.  In time lapse, we see more and more toys added to the 'keep' basket.  A banana and a giraffe man briefly appear in the 'chuck' basket before being moved to the 'keep' basket.  The shot changes to the pile of toys, which shrinks down to nothing.
Bandit: Okay, so in the keep basket is... everything.
Scene: Bandit pulls the only toy out of the 'chuck' basket - a green- and orange-striped sock monkey wearing jocks.
Bandit: And in the 'chuck' basket is a monkey wearing jocks.
Scene: A few notes of friction drum play, suggesting both a sad trombone and a monkey's call.  Bingo grabs the toy and hugs it.
Bingo: Mr. Monkeyjocks!
Bluey: We can't chuck Mr. Monkeyjocks.
Bandit: (incredulous) But you never play with him.
Bluey: We do!
Bingo: He's special.
Scene: Bandit folds his arms.
Bandit: Well, you'd better show me he's special if you wanna keep him.
Bluey and Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle and run off.
Chilli: You'll probably regret that.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit walking down the front path to get the newspaper.  Bluey ducks under his legs and snatches it first.
Bluey: Yoink!
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: Bluey runs off with it.  The scene cuts to Mr. Monkeyjocks laying on the couch, reading the paper.  Bluey and Bingo giggle.  Bandit stomps into the room.
Bandit: Grrr!
Scene: The scene cuts to the dining room table. Bingo, Bluey, and Chilli are already seated. Bandit comes in with a skillet of eggs, bacon, and sausage.  He sets it down on the table.
Bandit: Breakfast!  I'll just take my seat.
Scene: The camera pans over - Mr. Monkeyjocks is already sitting in Bandit's seat.  Bingo giggles, Chilli tries not to laugh.
Bandit: Hey! That monkey's in my chair!
Bluey: It's his chair now.
Scene: Bingo giggles again.
Bandit: Well, where am I supposed to sit?
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit, sitting on the floor, stabbing at a sausage.
Bandit: Is there any more bacon?
Scene: The scene cuts back to show the whole table. Mr. Monkeyjocks has a plate of food.
Bluey: Only for special people.
Scene: Bluey puts the last piece of bacon on Mr.  Monkeyjocks' plate.
Bluey: Not you, floor boy.
Bandit: Floor boy?!
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bluey: More maple syrup, Mr. Monkeyjocks?
Bingo: (as Mr. Monkeyjocks) Don't mind if I do.
Bandit: (muttering) Getting sick of this monkey.
Scene: A brief montage begins.  The car is driving down the road.  We can see Bingo's head bobbing.  The scene cuts to the interior of the car.  Bluey and Bingo are bobbing their heads to the music, and making Mr. Monkeyjocks bob along with them.  Bandit looks at them in the rear-view mirror, then tries to ignore them.
Scene: The car arrives at a strip mall, in front of a store labeled Space.  The scene cuts to the interior - it's an indoor playground.  Bluey and Bingo are having Mr. Monkeyjocks operate a ball cannon. Bingo squeals with delight.
Scene: The scene cuts to the lower level of the playground - Bandit is running in circles trying to dodge balls.
Bandit: Arggh! Ow!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the car, driving the other way.  Bandit is letting Mr. Monkeyjocks drive.
Bandit: Look out!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: Turn! Turn! Red lights!
Scene: The scene cuts to Mr. Monkeyjocks, lounging in the wicker chair in the sunroom, wearing a pair of sunnies.  Bluey presents him with a fancy drink, while Bingo massages his feet.  Bandit enters.
Bandit: Has anyone seen my... sunnies.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: Okay, kids.  This has gone a bit far.
Bluey: (singsong) You said we have to treat him special.
Bandit: Chilli!
Chilli: Oh, come here, [lover boy (ABC) / sweetheart (Disney)].
Scene: Bandit reaches out for a hug.
Bandit: Babe, can you please help— Huh?
Scene: Chilli walks right past Bandit and hugs Mr. Monkeyjocks.
Chilli: (saccharine) How's my little monkey man?
Bandit: Hey, mate! That's my wife!
Bluey: Not anymore!  Mum married Mr. Monkeyjocks.
Bandit: What?!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: When did this happen?!
Chilli: I was going to tell you.
Bandit: You left me for a monkey?!
Chilli: I'm sorry, honey.  There's just something... special about him.
Scene: Bluey pantomimes kissing Mr. Monkeyjocks several times.
Bandit: Well, what am I supposed to do?
Scene: Bluey holds Mr. Monkeyjocks to her ear.
Bluey: Ooh, what's that?  Oh, yes, good idea.  You can be his monkey butler.
Bandit: What?!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: Mm.  Actually, I'd love to.
Scene: Bandit picks up Mr. Monkeyjocks and holds him to his ear.
Bandit: How may I be of service, sir?  Yes sir.  Right away.
Scene: Bandit carries Mr. Monkeyjocks out of the room, chuckling to himself.
Chilli: You're probably gonna regret that.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey and Bingo's bedroom.  Mr. Monkeyjocks is reclining on the ledge.  Bandit is stripping the bedclothes off of Bluey's bed.  Bluey and Bingo walk in.
Bluey: Hey, what's going on?
Scene: Bandit shakes out a new bed cover in a banana pattern.
Bandit: Mr. Monkeyjocks doesn't want bones on his bed.  He wants bananas.
Scene: Bandit begins making the bed.
Bluey: His bed?  That's not his bed.  It's my bed.
Bandit: Not anymore.  This is his room now.
Scene: Bandit dumps the old bedclothes in Bluey's arms and throws Bluey and Bingo out into the hall.
Bandit: See ya!
Scene: He slams the bedroom door behind them.
Bluey: Outrageous!
Scene: The scene cuts to the office.  Bandit has set up a mirror, and has dressed Mr. Monkeyjocks in Chutney Chimp's tux and Lady Sparklehound's hat in addition to Bandit's sunnies.  Bandit has a pencil tucked behind his ear and is wearing a measuring tape in the fashion of a tailor.  Chutney Chimp and Lady Sparklehound lie discarded on the floor.  Bluey and Bingo enter.
Bandit: I'll just take the waist in.
Scene: Bingo picks up Chutney Chimp and Bluey picks up Lady Sparklehound.
Bingo: Hey, that's Chutney Chimp's suit.
Bluey: And Lady Sparklehound's hat.
Bandit: Hey, he said he wanted 'em.
Bluey: But you can't give him stuff just because he says he wants it.
Bandit: Look, I'm just the butler. If you have a problem, take it up with the monkey.
Bluey: Oh, I will, alright.
Scene: Bluey stomps across the room to confront Mr. Monkeyjocks.
Bluey: Listen, mate, I think it's time for a certain someone to find somewhere else to live.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey and Bingo on the front porch, each holding a bag.  Bandit slams the door in their faces.
Bluey: I didn't mean us!
Scene: The scene cuts to the foyer.  Bandit makes Mr. Monkeyjocks dust his hands.
Bandit: That was harsh, but fair, sir.
Scene: Chilli enters.
Chilli: Aren't you being a little unfair, my sweet monkey man?
Scene: She strokes Mr. Monkeyjock's cheek.  The scene cuts to a closeup of Mr. Monkeyjocks.
Scene: The scene cuts to Chilli on the front porch, with a pair of suitcases.  Bandit slams the door in her face.
Chilli: I thought you loved me!
Scene: Chilli walks down the front steps.
Chilli: That is one cheeky monkey.
Scene: She takes a seat on the bottom step, next to Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey: How could he just kick us out of our own house?
Bingo: It's very rude.
Chilli: Well, it's kind of our fault.  We spoiled him.
Bluey: What does spoiled mean?
Chilli: It's a bit hard to explain.
Bingo: Where are we gonna live?
Scene: Chilli sighs.
Chilli: Let's ask if we're allowed to sleep in the back yard, shall we?
Scene: The scene cuts to the playroom.  Mr. Monkeyjocks sits atop a throne of cushions, with a feather boa and crown.  A huge pile of toys sits in the 'chuck' basket.  Bandit kneels and presents him with a brightly-colored toy horse.
Bandit: (nervously) And what about Pebbledasher?  Chuck?  Yes, Master Monkeyjocks.
Scene: Bandit adds Pebbledasher to the 'chuck' basket.
Chilli: (offscreen) What's going on here?
Scene: Bingo, Bluey, and Chilli enter the playroom.
Bandit: Oh, thank goodness you're here.
Bluey: You're chucking all our toys!
'Bandit: I'm not.  (whispering) He is.  He's gone [crazy (ABC)/ bananas (Disney)].  He says he doesn't want  any toys in this house that aren't him.
'Bluey: What?!
Bandit: (whispering) He says he's the only one who can be special.
Chilli: Bluey, that's spoiled.
Scene: Bandit adds a plush dog in a birthday hat to the 'chuck' basket.
Bandit: There you go, sir.  All the toys have been chucked.
Chilli: How does it feel, Mr. Monkeyjocks?
Scene: Mr. Monkeyjocks slumps down.
Bluey: he actually looks a bit bored.
Bingo: How can he be bored?  He has everything he wants.
Bluey: Can I listen to him?
Scene: Bandit passes Mr. Monkeyjocks to Chilli, who passes him on to Bluey.  She holds him up to her ear.
Bluey: Oh! He says he doesn't want everything he wants anymore.
Chilli: Oh.  Why ever not?
Scene: Bluey passes Mr. Monkeyjocks to Bingo, who holds him up to her ear.
Bingo: Because when you have everything you want...  Um, you listen, Mum.
Scene: She passes Mr. Monkeyjocks to Chilli, who holds him up to her ear.
Chilli: ... nothing feels special anymore.
Bluey and Bingo: Ohh.
Chilli: Hmm.  What do you want to do?
Scene: Chilli hands Mr. Monkeyjocks back to Bluey, who holds him to her ear.
Bluey: Oh, you want a turn making someone else feel special?
Chilli: Awww!
Scene: Bandit clears his throat.
Chilli: Ooh, sorry.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the playroom, with a large pile of toys waiting to be sorted.  Bandit picks up the plush owl.
Bandit: Let's try this again, kids.  Snowspot.
Scene: Bluey takes the owl, hugs it, and places it in the 'chuck' basket.
Bluey: Chuck.
Scene: Bandit hands Bingo the Chutney Chimp doll.  She hugs it, and places it in the 'chuck' basket.
Bingo: Chutney Chimp.  Chuck.
Scene: Bandit hands Chilli the Lady Sparklehound doll.  She places it in the 'chuck' basket.
Chilli: And Lady Sparklehound. Chuck.
Scene: Bandit hands Bluey Mr. Monkeyjocks.
Bluey: And Mr. Monkeyjocks.  I hope you make someone feel special.
Scene: She places him in the 'chuck' basket.  The camera pulls back, as Bandit passes a toy to Bluey, who passes it to Bingo, who passes it to Chilli.
Scene: The scene cuts to a parking lot with toy donation bins.  Chilli and Bandit watch proudly, as Bluey holds Bingo up to put a bag of toys in the donation bin.  Bingo dusts her hands.
Scene: The scene cuts to a hospital room.  A kid is sitting on the bed.  His mum sits at his bedside.  She produces a bag with the same logo as the donation bins.
Hospital Kid's Mum: Now, don't get excited. It's just a little something I found in the op shop.
Hospital Kid: Thanks, Mum.
Scene: He opens the bag and gasps.
Hospital Kid: It's a monkey!
Hospital Kid's Mum: Wearing jocks!
Scene: Hospital Kid gives Mr. Monkeyjocks a big hug.
Hospital Kid: I love him!
Scene: The shot cuts to a close up of Mr. Monkeyjocks, giving the impression of a contented smile.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: Bluey dances as the music from the final scene, a bright string melody, continues.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a night view of the Heeler house, then cuts to the kids' bedroom, where Chilli is reading Bingo a bedtime story.
Chilli: And then Baby Chick hatched out of her egg.
Bingo: Oooh!
Chilli: And the first thing she saw was her Mummy Chicken.
Bingo: Yay!
Scene: Meanwhile, Bandit drags Bluey on the floor as she giggles, and places her on her bed.
Bandit: Bed. Sleep. Now.
Bluey: Aww... (Exhaustingly) But I'm not tired. (Bluey collapses to sleep as Bandit places her blanket over her.)
Bandit: (Walking to the door, whispering to Bingo) Night, Bingo.
Bingo: Night, Dad.
Chilli: So Baby Chick snuggled up her Mummy Chick and drifted off to sleep. The end. Okay, sleepytime now.
Bingo: (Pulls out a book under her pillow as Chilli is about to leave, one about outer space) Just one more!
Chilli: Bingo!
Bingo: (Doing a cute please face) Please...!
Chilli: Okay. One more, then sleepytime.
Bingo: Hurray!
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called, Sleepytime.
Chilli: And what's this planet called?
Bingo: Mercury.
Chilli: Good. And the big, hot star in the middle?
Bingo: The sun!
Chilli: That's right. Clever girl. Now, sleepytime.
Scene: Chilli kisses Bingo's forehead and turns off the bedside lamp.
Bingo: Where's Floppy?
Chilli: Ooh. Here she is.
Bingo: Floppy!
Chilli: Mustn't forget Floppy.
Bingo: Mum, I want to do a big girl sleep tonight and wake up in my own bed.
Chilli: You do your best, honey. But remember, I'm always here if you need me.
Bingo: Okay.
Chilli: Sweet dreams.
Scene: Bingo falls asleep and the camera pans onto the back of the space  book. She wakes up in a dream where she hatches out of the Earth and Floppy hatches out of the moon. They hug and venture towards the sun, and past a broken Venus, where Bluey has already hatched. Cut to Bluey standing at Bandit and Chilli's bedside.
Chilli: (shrieks) Oh, Bluey.
Bluey: Can I have a drink of water?
Chilli: (yawning) Okay, honey.
Scene: Chilli gets a glass of water from the kitchen and returns to find Bluey sleeping next to Bandit. She goes to Bluey and Bingo's room and sleeps in Bluey's bed. Bingo begins to sleepwalk and dreams about finding a lonely blue planet and playing on it. In real life, she is playing tug-of-war with Bluey and Bandit over a blanket. After a minute, she floats up and sees Jupiter.
Bingo: Wow!
Scene: Bingo and Floppy run around on Jupiter, with Bluey joining in briefly, before Bandit pushes her away. In real life, Bingo is continuously kicking Bandit. Bingo then jumps on Jupiter's red dot, when in real life, she has just kicked Bandit in the groin.
Bandit: (anguished) Ohhhhh...biscuits!
Scene: Bingo and Floppy go beneath Jupiter's surface. Bandit takes Bingo back to her own bed. As he walks down the hallway, Bluey is on the toilet.
Bluey: Dad, can you sing to me?
Bandit: (singing in an exhausted tone) 99 bottles of thing on the wall, 99 bottles of thing...and if one of these bottles should happen to fall, there'll be 98 bottles of thing on the wall.
Scene: Bingo goes back to her parents' bed, and Bandit takes Bluey back to their room to find her sleeping there.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: Bluey falls asleep on the empty side of the bed. Bandit sighs and lies down on the floor, only for Bluey to kick and fall on top of him. In Bingo's dream, she and Floppy are now on a freezing cold planet. She sleepwalks back to her own room. In the dream sequence, she flies to Saturn, where the ring is made out of other bunnies just like Floppy. She bids goodbye to Floppy, who goes into the ring.
Bingo: (crying)
Scene: Chilli wakes up and hears this, thus going to Bingo's bed and lying down right beside her. In her dream, she lands on a comet and launches towards Mercury, facing directly towards the sun.
Bingo: I have to go. I'm a big girl now.
Chilli: (background voice, echoed from the sun) Remember, I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me, because I love you.
Scene: Cut to real life, where Chilli kisses Bingo's forehead before going back to her own bed. She finds Floppy discarded in the corridor.
Chilli: Oop. Mustn't forget Floppy.
Scene: She picks Floppy up and starts bringing her back to Bingo. Meanwhile in Bingo's dream, she is trying to get back into the Earth she hatched out of, but cannot reach some of the pieces. The dream ends with Floppy and some other bunnies coming to help. Shots of the entire family sleeping are shown before the sun begins to rise, showing that Bingo is going to fulfill her promise and wake up in her own bed. Credits roll.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens on the porch of Glasshouse Primary School.  Calypso is sweeping and humming.  Indy sits on the steps.  Coco runs out of the building.
Coco: Let's play Wild Girls, Indy.
Indy: Okay.  I'll get the broom
Scene: Winton jumps out from behind a pillar.
Winton: I'll be a pig!
Scene: Winton snorts and runs down the hill.
Coco: There's no pigs in Wild Girls.
Scene: Calypso finishes sweeping, and hands the broom to Indy, who passes it to Coco.
Calypso: Games can change a little if they need to, Coco.
Scene: Calypso dusts her hands and leaves.  Chloe runs up to the girls.
Chloe: Indy, can you play with me?
Indy: Oh, um...
Scene: Indy looks to Coco for an answer.
Coco: She was just about to play Wild Girls with me.
Indy: You can play too, if you like.
Chloe: Can we play something different? I'm a bit bored of Wild Girls.
Indy: Like what?
Chloe: How about Toilet Tag?
Scene: Chloe gestures to the field below them.  Honey, Snickers, Pretzel, Mackenzie, and Jack are running around.
Chloe: If you get tagged, you have to pretend you're a toilet...
Scene: In close up, Snickers tags Pretzel, who sits down with his hand help up forming a lever.
Chloe: ...and you can only move if someone flushes you.
Scene: Mackenzie runs up to Pretzel and pushes his hand down.
Pretzel: (flushing) BWOOSHH!
Scene: He gets up and runs after Mackenzie.  The shot cuts back to the girls on the porch.
Chloe: What do you think?
Scene: Coco and Indy stare blankly at the game of Toilet Tag.  Chloe wags her tail.
Coco: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Wild Girls.
Scene: The shot cuts to a forest path.  Winton runs through, snorting and squealing.  A moment later, Indy and Chloe run after him, holding pretend spears.
Chloe: Get the little piggies!
Scene: Winton comes to an intersection.  He considers for a moment, then heads screen right.
Indy: I'm trying!
Scene: The girls stop when they come to the intersection.
Indy: Oh, he got away.
Chloe: Now we have nothing to eat.
Indy: That's okay. We can dance for food.
Scene: Indy draws a circle in the dirt.  They both dance around it, and sing along with the episode music.
Chloe and Indy: ♫ Doot, doo doo doo, doo doo doo ♫
Scene: The scene changes.  Coco is sweeping the dirt around a fire-pit.  Chloe and Indy come out of a hole in a bush.  Indy is holding leaves; Chloe is pretending to hold something in her hand.
Chloe and Indy: Wild Mother, we got food.
Coco: Well done! Let's dance to celebrate.
Scene: All three of them dance and giggle.
Scene: The scene transitions.  The leaves are now stacked on top of the wood in the fire-pit.  All three girls are seated around it.  They each pretend to eat a leaf.
All: Mmm.
Scene: All three walk off to the side and lay down on a straw mat.
Coco: Goodnight, Wild Daughters.
Chloe and Indy: Goodnight, Wild Mother.
Scene: They pretend to sleep for a second, then Coco stands back up.
Coco: Morning, Wild Daughters. Who's going to catch some breakfast?
Indy: We will. Come on, Wild Sister.
Scene: They both run off through the hole in the bush, pretending to hold spears.  Coco sweeps the sleeping mat.
Scene: The scene changes to Chloe and Indy dancing around a circle drawn in the dirt, with a few leaves in it.  Chloe isn't very enthusiastic.
Chloe: I do like playing Wild Girls, Indy. It's just that it never changes.
Scene: Winton runs past them, snorting.
Chloe: Piggy!
Scene: She points, and they both chase him with pretend spears.
Scene: Winton runs through the forest, with the girls in hot pursuit.
Winton: Oink. Oink.
Indy: We're not letting him get away this time.
Scene: They chase him out of the forest.  Bluey and Rusty are playing in the meadow.
Indy: Whoa, look.
Scene: 'Chloe and Indy stop to look at Bluey and Rusty, as Winton runs away.
Scene: Chloe and Indy walk up to Bluey, who is pretending to hoe the ground.
Chloe: Hi, Bluey. What are you playing?
Bluey: Farmers.
Chloe: How do you play Farmers?
Bluey: It's easy. You plant seeds and they grow into food.
Scene: Bluey pretends to pull something out of the ground and hands it to Indy.
Bluey: See? These are potatoes.
Chloe: Whoa.
Bluey: Rusty and me have planted this whole field.
Scene: Indy; Wow! So much food.
Bluey: You can play if you like.
Scene: She points at their imaginary spears.
Bluey: Those could be your farm diggers.
Scene: Chloe changes her grip like she's using a hoe.
Chloe: Okay.
Indy: What about Coco?
Bluey: She can play, too.
Indy: Great. I'll go get her.
Scene: Indy runs back towards the forest.  Bluey and Chloe get started hoeing.
Scene: Back at the forest clearing, Coco has arranged sticks and leaves on the sleeping mat to suggest bedding.  Indy enters.
Indy: Coco, you have to come with me. There's a new game everyone's playing. It's called Farmers.
Coco: But we're playing Wild Girls.
Indy: But Chloe's already playing it.
Coco: Well, Chloe can play what she wants. But you said you'd play Wild Girls with me.
Indy: Oh, yeah, I did.
Coco: Now, come on, go and catch some food.
Scene: Coco waves dismissively and starts sweeping the dirt.
Indy: (disappointed) Okay.
Scene: Back at the meadow, Chloe is sitting on a stump and pretending to turn a steering wheel.  Indy runs up to her.
Chloe: Bzz. Bzz. Look, Indy, I've got a tractor.
Scene: She scoots over and pats the stump.
Chloe: Come on, you can help me drive.
Indy: I can't. Coco said I have to keep playing Wild Girls.
Chloe: Oh, okay.
Indy: But I really want to play Farms.
Scene: Chloe shrugs.
Chloe: Maybe Wild Girls can have farmers in it.
Indy: (excited) Oh, yeah.
Scene: Back at the clearing, Coco is still sweeping.  Indy runs up to her.
Indy: Coco! I was just talking to Chloe. She thinks Wild Girls can have farmers in it.
Coco: No, They're different games.
Indy: Oh.
Coco: Promise me you'll stay away from those farmers. They sound dangerous.
Indy: Yes, Wild Mother, I promise.
Coco: Now, what food did you bring back?
Indy: Ugh, I forgot food.
Scene: Indy is stalking through the forest, imaginary spear at the ready.
Indy: Where is that Piggy?
Winton: (off screen) Shoo! Shoo!
Scene: Indy enters the meadow.  Winton is standing on a stump, arms outstretched, shouting at a willie wagtail.  It ignores him, pecking at the ground.
Winton: Shoo!
Chloe: Hey, Indy, look.  We've got a scarecrow, come see.
Scene: Chloe beckons for Indy to come closer, but Indy retreats into the forest instead.
Chloe: Indy?
Scene: Back at the clearing, Coco has built a stick shelter over their sleeping mat.  Indy walks in, staring at the ground.
Coco: Wild Daughter, did you bring back any food?
Indy: No, because the piggy is a scarecrow.
Scene: Coco gasps.
Coco: (theatrically) Now we have no food for the winter.  There will be no more dancing.
Indy: (hopefully) We could ask the farmers for some.
Coco: I told you, Wild Girls and Farmers don't mix.
Indy: But Calypso says games can change if they need to.
Coco: Well... Calypso is wrong!
Scene: Indy gasps.
Indy: But Calypso is never wrong.
Coco: This time she is.  Now, time for sleep, Daughter.
Scene: They lay down on their bedding.  Coco pretends to sleep.  Indy stares at the ceiling, then gets up and runs out of the clearing.  A moment later, Coco sits up and yawns.
Coco: Huh? Wild Daughter?
Scene: Coco wanders through the forest, holding the broom.
Coco: Wild Daughter? I'm sorry I said that Calypso was wrong. I was just hungry.
Scene: Coco comes to the edge of the forest.
Coco: Indy!  Indy?
Scene: Indy is hoeing the ground with Chloe, Bluey, and Rusty.  Winton is still playing scarecrow.  There are now three willie wagtails.
Winton: Shoo, crows.
Scene: The willie wagtails ignore him.  Chloe sees Indy hoeing with Coco.  She looks upset and runs back into the forest.  She sits down and howls.
Scene: Back in the clearing, Indy and Coco hear her howling and stop hoeing.
Chloe: Oh, she's really sad.
Indy: I just wish there was a way she could join in.
Scene: In the forest, Coco continues to howl.
Calypso: Coco, that's some sad howling.
Scene: Coco runs to Calypso, and they hug.
Coco: Calypso, can you make Indy play with me and not Chloe?
Calypso: Indy's in charge of Indy, sweetheart.
Coco: Aww, but I want to play Wild Girls.
Calypso: What do you love about playing Wild Girls?
Scene: Coco becomes more enthusiastic as she talks.
Coco: Uh, the broom. And Indy bringing food. And I love dancing with Indy.
Scene: Coco looks into the middle distance for a moment.
Coco: I just like playing with Indy.
Calypso: Okay. Do you think you could scare a scarecrow?
Scene: Calypso takes the broom, and hands it back to Coco, bristle-side-up.
Scene: Back at the clearing, Winton is no longer trying to scare away the willie wagtails.  There are five of them now.  He spots Coco, standing menacingly at the edge of the forest.
Winton: Arrgh!
Scene: The willie wagtails fly away.
Indy: What is it?
Winton: It's the Pink Witch of the Woods.
Indy: Hey, Coco's not a pink witch.
Winton: Yes. She is. She's got a broom.
Scene: Still looking menacing, Coco runs back into the woods.
Indy: No. She uses that to— Wait.
Scene: Indy smiles, and pretends to pick something off the ground.
Indy: (theatrically) Oh, no! Look, this corn is shriveled up.  They all are!
Chloe: It must be the work of the Pink Witch.
Scene: Winton, Indy, Bluey, and Rusty gasp.
Scene: Winton The Pink Witch has cursed our crops.
Rusty: I can't be dealing with witches. I just bought a new quad bike.
Scene: Winton howls.  From the forest shadows, Coco watches and snickers.
Bluey: What are we gonna do?
Indy: I'll have to take her some of our food every day to keep her happy.
Chloe: Otherwise she'll curse our whole farm.
Bluey: No, Indy, it's too dangerous.
Scene: Indy poses bravely, hands on her hips.
Indy: Don't worry. I used to be a wild girl.
Scene: Back at the clearing, Coco hums to herself and sweeps.  Indy runs in, pretending to hold something in both hands.
Indy: Wild Mother, I'm back.
Chloe: Daughter!
Indy: I brought you food.
Scene: Chloe pretends to take it.
Chloe: Whoa. Look at those radishes.
Scene: Winton howls in the distance.  Indy laughs.
Indy: (laughing) Winton is so scared of you. He thinks you're the Pink Witch of the Woods.
Scene: Coco turns her broom bristle side up.
Coco: Well, maybe I am.
Scene: They both giggle.
Coco: Games can change.
Scene: Indy waves as she starts to leave.
Indy: I'll bring more food tomorrow.
Coco: Oh, uh.. Wild Daughter, thank you.
Indy: Do you want a quick dance?
Coco: Yeah!
Scene: They both giggle as they dance.
Coco: Whoo!
Scene: The camera pans up, above the treetops.  A willie wagtail flies across the afternoon sun.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music continues into the credits sequence.  Winton runs across the screen, in front of the text, squealing like a pig..
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens on an establishing shot of the Heelers' house.
Scene: TV Commentator And that's 18 away from the century for Barkles.
Scene: The scene changes to the TV room. Bandit is laying on the couch, watching cricket.  Chilli is looking around the room, hands on hips.  Bluey and Bingo have set up a blanket fort, and are playing a board game with a plush puppy.
Bluey: One, two, three, four, five, six.
Scene: The camera moves to a close-up of Bluey and Bingo in the blanket fort.
Bluey: Well done, Kimjim, you won again!
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Yay! Again!
Bluey: No.  Time for your nap, young man.
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Oh, yes.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo look around the blanket fort.
Bingo: There's no room for Kimjim to sleep.
Bluey: Ooh, I know!
Scene: The camera moves back to the TV room.
Chilli: I think if we knocked this wall out, this room will feel so much bigger.
Bandit: It's already big enough, babe.
Chilli: It's not. It's too cramped.
Bandit: The only thing in this room that needs to be bigger is the TV.
Chilli: What are you talking about? It's huge!
Bandit: It's not! 50 inches is no longer an acceptable size in this day and age. I can hardly see what's going on!
Chilli: (sighs) I'm getting the tape measure.
Scene: Bluey runs up.
Bluey: Dad, we need this cushion.
Bandit: Huh? What, why?
Bluey: We're building a bedroom for Kimjim.
Scene: Bandit sits up, and Bluey leaves with the cushion.  Bingo enters.
Bingo: We need that one, too.
Scene: Bandit scoots over, and Bingo takes the cushion he was sitting on.
Bingo: And that one.
Scene: Bandit groans, and takes one of the decorative cushions.  He puts it on the floor and sits on it.
Bingo: Thank you! (giggles)
Scene: Bingo walks away awkwardly with a cushion under each arm.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Cubby.
Scene: We return to the same scene.  Bluey and Bingo have added another room onto the blanket fort.  The camera cuts to the interior of the new room.
Bluey: Here you are, Kimjim. Your new bedroom.
Bingo: Do you like it?
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Yes, I love it.
Scene: Bingo giggles, and lays Kimjim down on the bed.  Bluey and Bingo crawl out of the blanket fort.  Chilli has gotten a measuring tape, and it measuring a wall.
Bluey: Do you think we should build a playroom here for Kimjim?
Bingo: Yeah, I think we should.
Scene: The scene cuts to the inside of the laundry room linen closet.  Bingo grabs a stack of sheets and carries them off.  The camera cuts to the dining room.  Bluey grabs a chair and drags it away.  The camera cuts to the exterior of the house, focused on a window.  Chilli is inside, measuring the window frame.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit, still sitting on the floor watching cricket.  The blanket fort has expanded to just behind him.  Bluey is pushing over a dining room chair to support the roof.
TV Commentator: And that's the story of St. Peter's.
Bluey: Dad, you're in the way.
Bandit: Oh, can't you build around me? I'm trying to watch the cricket.
Bluey: No.
Bandit: Well, that settles that, then.
Scene: Bandit scoots closer to the TV.
Bluey: Oh, can we have that cushion?
Scene: Bluey snatches the cushion out from under Bandit's bum.
Bluey: It can be a bath for Kimjim.
Bingo: Oh, yeah! Let's build a bathroom.
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: The camera cuts to a close-up of the TV cabinet, showing a bird statuette and an ant.  Then we cut back to the room.  Chilli is measuring along the back wall, and Bluey is putting the finishing touches on the bathroom - also along the back wall.
Chilli: Five and a half metres -- Oh, that's just too small.
Scene: Chilli bumps into a chair supporting the bathroom.
Chilli: Whoo!
Bluey: (hoarsely) Hey, mind the towel cupboard!
Chilli: Sorry!
Bingo: Look, Kimjim. This is your new bathroom.
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Yay! Thank you! But me hungry now.
Bluey: Oh, yeah. It's your dinner time.
Bingo: Where should we eat?
Bluey: Let's build a dining room!
Scene: The camera cuts to the TV, showing a group of seagulls standing on a grassy field.  We cut to a reverse shot of Bandit watching the TV.  Behind him, in time lapse, we see Chilli measuring, and Bluey and Bingo extend the blanket fort out into the middle of the TV room.
Scene: The camera cuts to a close up of Kimjim, sitting at a table.
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Finished eating, Mummy.
Bingo: Kimjim, you ate all your dinner. Well done. Now we can do drawing.
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Whoo-hoo!
Scene: The camera cuts back to the wider room.  Chilli is measuring from the ceiling.  Bluey and Bingo run past her giggling, and the tape snaps back.
Chilli: Two point nine-- Hey!
Scene: The camera cuts to a close up of Kimjim, sitting on a marker drawing of a flower.
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Finished drawing, Mummy.
Bingo: Oh, wow! What a great picture, Kimjim! I'm glad we have a art room.
Bluey: I'm going to stick that on the fridge.
Bingo: But we don't have a fridge. Or a kitchen.
Bluey: Oh, my goodness! You can't have a house without a kitchen!
Bingo: Let's build one!
Bluey: Yeah!
The camera cuts to a wall clock, indicating 10: 50.  It rapidly advances to 1:10.  The camera cuts to Bandit, who is still watching cricket from the floor.  He has been crowded right up next to the TV.
TV Commentator: And that's tea.  Australia in a comfortable...
Bandit: Oh, man, I need the toilet.
Scene: Bandit gets up and turns around.  The blanket fort now takes up the entire room.  Chilli is still taking measurements by the back wall.
Bandit: Whoa.  Hey, kids?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo pop their heads out from between some blankets.
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah?
Bandit: I need the toilet.
Bluey: So go to the toilet.
Bandit: Well, how am I going to GET to the toilet?
Bingo: It's easy.
Bluey: Head to the dining room, then go past the alpaca farm, around the cactus garden...
Bingo: ...through the star room...
Bluey: ...and out the netball court.
Bandit: Oh, right.
Bluey: But don't mess anything up.
Scene: Bandit gets down on hands and knees, and enters the fort.
Bandit: Alright. Here we go.
Scene: The camera cuts to the interior of the fort.  We see Bandit at the far end of a hallway made of cushions.  Off to each side are rooms with plush animals, and the walls are decorated with taped-up drawings.
Bandit: Okay, now, it was past the dining room... Er, where's the dining room?
Scene: Bandit looks into a room, the camera shows us the inside. The Queen plush sits on a beanbag throne, across from her subjects - a bandaged bear and frog.
Bandit: Wasn't there something about an alpaca farm?
Scene: Bandit looks into another room.
Bandit: Is that an alpaca farm?  Nah, they're lemurs.
Scene: He continues on into a new hallway
Bandit: How on Earth do I get to the toilet?
Scene: He enters a new room.  This room features two gnomes in an inflatable pool, with a third gnome scrubbing them with a brush. A disco ball hangs from the roof.
Bandit: This place is nuts!
Scene: Bandit enters an even lower hallway; his ears brush the ceiling.
Bandit: Where am I?
Scene: Bandit, not looking where he was going, bumps into a stool, which Chilli is standing on.
Bandit: Oh!
Chilli: Oop! Hey, what are you doing?
Bandit: How do I get out of here?
Scene: Chilli reaches down and gestures with her thumb.
Chilli: Just keep heading that way.
Bandit: Thanks.
Chilli: Wait!  Can you take this with you?
Scene: Chilli hands Bandit the end of the tape measure.
Bandit: (groans)  Righto.
Scene: The camera cuts to a light blue room, with mounds of white sheet.  Bluey is setting up toy penguins.
Bluey: There! That's the penguin room done. Ooh, I can't wait to show Kimjim!
Bluey: (shouting) Bingo?
Bingo: (shouting offscreen) Yeah?
Bluey: (shouting) Where are you?
Bingo: (shouting offscreen) I'm in the library!
Bluey: (shouting) Where's the library?
Bingo: (shouting offscreen) Next to the horse stables!
Bluey: Horse stables?
Scene: The camera cuts to Bingo, reading in the library.  Bluey walks in.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo.  I like the horse stables.
Bingo: Thanks. Where's Kimjim?
Bluey: Huh? I thought he was with you.
Bingo: No, I thought he was with you.
Bluey: No.
Bluey and Bingo: (gasp)  We've lost Kimjim!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run down the hall.
Bingo: Kimjim!
Bluey: Kimjim?
Scene: The camera cuts to a greenhouse room full of pot plants. Bluey and Bingo run through
Bluey and Bingo: Where are you?
Scene: The camera cuts back to Bandit crawling through a different hallway.
Bandit: Oh, man! Where is that alpaca farm?
Scene: Bingo and Bluey run in from a side hallway, bumping into Bandit.
Bandit: Ah!
Bingo and Bluey: Aaah!
Bandit: What are you doing?!
Bingo and Bluey: We're trying to find Kimjim!
Bandit: Who's Kimjim?
Bluey: He's our child! But we've lost him!
Bingo: We're bad parents!
Bandit: Oh, man! I can't deal with this. Look, kids, where is the toilet?
Bingo: It's through there.
Bandit: Ah! Thank you!
Scene: Bandit exits left, while Bluey and Bingo run off to the right.
Bluey and Bingo: Kimjim!
Scene: The camera cuts to the toilet.  Bandit enters.
Bandit: (shouting) I meant the real toilet!
Scene: The camera cuts to Bluey and Bingo running down a hallway.
Bluey: Kimjim!
Bingo: Kimjim!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run through a zoo room with stuffed animals behind cushion walls.
Bluey: Come back, sweetie!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo come to an intersection; Bluey continues right, Bingo moves towards the camera.  She looks into a room that appears to be an alligator habitat.
Bingo: Honey, where are you?
Scene: She turns around and enters the door on the other side of the hall.  The scene cuts to the star room; an umbrella supports the ceiling and dark blue fabric walls.  Glow stars cover the ceiling and walls, and a telescope has been made out of paper towel rolls and a plastic cup.
Bingo: Kimjim, are you in here?
Scene: Bluey enters.
Bluey: I can't find Kimjim anywhere!
Bingo: There's too many rooms!
Scene: They both sit down and howl.  The camera cuts to Chilli wading through the blanket fort.  She ducks under a blanket, and then puts the end of the tape measure to the wall.
Chilli: 36 metres? How is it 36 metres?!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit crawling through a hallway.  He reaches a junction, and the tape measure is already stretched across the adjoining hallway.
Bandit: Oh, what?! I'm going round in circles!
TV Commentator: Welcome back from tea. Play is about to get under way.
Bandit: Sorry, kids. I'm just going to take a little peek.
Scene: Bandit stands up, knocking over a wall of cushions and bringing down the ceiling.
Bandit: Oops.
Scene: The camera cuts back to the star room.  Bingo and Bluey are still howling.  A distant rumbling can be heard, and the walls begin to shake.
Bingo: What's that noise?
Bluey: Oh, no!  CUBBY COLLAPSE!
Scene: Bluey grabs Bingo's hand.
Bluey: RUN!
Scene: Bluey runs out, dragging Bingo behind her.
Bingo: Aaah!
Scene: The umbrella falls over.  The camera cuts to a hallway - the girls are about to run screen right, but the wall collapses, and they must run screen left instead.  Chutney Chimp and Greydancer tumble out of the rubble.
Scene: The camera cuts to another hallway; the wall collapses right in front of the girls.  Chattermax tumbles out.
Bluey and Bingo: Aaah!
Bluey: This way!
Scene: The girls run off.  Chattermax begins to dance, falls over, and scooches across the floor chattering.
Scene: The camera cuts to another intersection; the girls are once more blocked by a falling wall.  They run towards the camera, but skid to a halt as the end of the tape measure zips past.
Bluey and Bingo: Aaah!
Scene: They run off screen right.
Scene: The camera cuts to another hallway, with the walls continuously collapsing right behind the running girls.  They leap for safety.
Bluey: Oof.
Scene: The camera cuts back to Chilli.  The tape measure snaps back.
Chilli: Ow!
Scene: The camera pulls back to show the whole room, strewn with cushions, blankets, and plush toys.
Bluey and Bingo: (groan)
Bandit: Toilet! Sorry, kids!
Scene: Bandit picks his way through the rubble and exits to the kitchen.
Bingo: Bluey, look!
Scene: Bingo points behind them - Kimjim is sitting in the original blanket fort, which has miraculously survived.
Bluey and Bingo: Kimjim!
Scene: They both walk up and embrace Kimjim.
Bingo: Oh, Kimjim, we're so sorry!
Bingo: (as Kimjim)  That's okay.
Scene: The camera cuts back to an establishing shot of the house.
TV Commentator: Nearly went for the second run there, but the call was stay.
Scene: The camera cuts to the TV, showing cricket.
TV Commentator: The batsman obeyed.
Scene: The camera cuts to show the whole TV room.  It's been cleaned up.  Bandit is laying on the couch, and Bluey and Bingo are back to playing a board game in the original cubby.  Chilli enters from the kitchen with two cups of tea.
Bluey: One, two, three, four, five.
Scene: Chilli arrives at the couch.
Bandit: Oh, thanks babe.
Scene: Bandit sits up, scooches over, and takes a cup.  Chilli sits down.
Bandit: You know what? This TV is big enough.
Chilli: So is this room.  Look at it!
Bingo: One, two, three.
Chilli: I don't know what I was thinking.
Bluey: One, two, three, four.  Finished! You win again, Kimjim!
Bingo: (as Kimjim) Whee!
Scene: Bingo makes Kimjim jump for joy; knocking over the cushion serving as the back wall.
Chilli: Oop! Do you kids need more room?
Bluey and Bingo: No, we're fine.
Scene: They pull the cushion back into place.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The music during the credits is the same version of the episode theme that played during the collapse.  Instead of Bluey dancing, we see a seagull looking around and preening its wing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: An establishing shot shows the front of Stripe's house.  The scene cuts to Stripe, sitting in the gazebo in his back yard.  Socks runs up.
Stripe: Hey, Rock Socks!
Socks: Daddy, you play Honk?
Stripe: Honk? What's Honk?
Scene: Socks laughs.
Socks: Your nose honk!
Stripe: What are you talking about?  Nothing happens when you press my nose. Look!
Scene: Stripe presses his nose.
Stripe: See? Nothing. It's just a regular old nose.
Scene: Socks presses Stripe's nose.
Stripe: Honk! Huh?
Scene: Stripe looks around as Socks giggles.
Stripe: What was that?
Scene: Socks presses his nose twice
Stripe: Honk! Honk!
Scene: Socks laughs.
Stripe: Hey! What's going on here? Where's that honking coming from?
Socks: Your nose, Dadda!
Stripe: My nose? No way! Let me see.
Scene: Stripe presses his own nose.
Stripe: Hmm. Nothing. Well, that's weird, isn't it?
Scene: Socks laughs and presses Stripe's nose again.
Stripe: Honk!
Scene: Socks bursts into laughter. Muffin enters the scene.
Muffin: What's happening?
Stripe: Well, Muffy, it's really weird. Whenever Socks presses my nose, it makes a weird honking sound.
Scene: Socks presses Stripe's nose.
Stripe: Honk!
Scene: Socks laughs.
Muffin: Ooh! Let me twy!
Scene: Muffin presses his nose — nothing happens. She looks at her hand in confusion.
Stripe: Weird, huh? Seems to only happen when Socks does it.
Scene: Socks laughs.
Muffin: I'll try pressing it harder.
Scene: She winds her arm up for a punch.
Stripe: MUFFIN NOO—
Scene: She throws a punch at Stripe's nose.
Scene: The published version of this short cuts here, the moment before Muffin makes impact.  The outro music plays over the Bluey and Studio Ludo logos.
Scene: In an alternate version of the short, the scene continues.  Muffin hits him in the nose and rides him down as he falls over on his back.
Stripe: Ugh.
Scene: Muffin slaps him in the nose twice more.
Stripe: Ugh. Agh.
Scene: Stripe picks up Muffin and holds her at arm's length.  She continues trying to slap his nose, but can't reach.
Muffin: Why. Isn't. It. Working?!
Stripe: (chucking) Ahaha.  Stop—
Scene: Stripe loses his grip.  Muffin smacks him in the nose again, and then starts pushing on it with both hands.
Stripe: Ow.  Ugh.
Scene: Stripe holds her at arm's length again.
Stripe: (sobbing) Ho-ho-ho-ho-honk.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode begins with Bluey and Bingo playing Miss Mary Mack on the seat surrounding the big tree in the backyard.
Bluey and Bingo: (singing) Miss Mary Mack, Mack, Mack, all dressed in bla-
Scene: The two are interrupted by Bandit and Stripe, in celebration of their upcoming Stumpfest.
Bandit: (yelling) Stumpfest!
Stripe: Yeah, Stumpfest! Whoo!
Bluey: (confused) What's going on?
Muffin: (excited) Stumpfest! (stumbles) Oof!
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Stumpfest.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey, Bingo and Muffin with Bandit, Stripe and a tree stump.
Bluey: (confused) What's Stumpfest?
Bandit: Well, we're gonna rip up this stump, and then, that stump.
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Ooh!
Stripe: Put on some tunes, you kids'll play...
Scene: Pat appears, climbing over his fence.
Pat: And the ladies watch us get all sweaty! Right, ladies?!
Scene: The scene cuts to Chilli and Trixie on the balcony, looking down on the event.
Chilli: You got it, Lucky's dad!
Scene: Chilli and Trixie cheer the boys on, to which they reply with another cheer. Bandit reveals his axe.
Bandit: Now, let's kick this off!
Scene: Bandit makes a mark in the stump with his axe. The girls run away screaming and laughing, finding another stump to hide behind.
Bingo: What do we play?
Bluey: Ooh, I know! Let's set up a nail salon on this stump.
Bingo and Muffin: Yeah!
Bluey: Dad! We're just gonna use this stump for our nail salon.
Bandit: That's fine, Bluey, but you've got 'til we've finished with this stump, okay?
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: In the background, Pat and Stripe are working on removing a stump.
Bandit: 'Cause then, we're gonna come and do that one.
Bluey: Yep.
Bandit: So, you understand that eventually, we're gonna come and rip up that stump.
Bluey: Yes, I got it!
Bandit: 'Cause it's Stumpfest, and that's a stump.
Bluey: Got it; Stumpfest.
Scene: The scene cuts to the stump that the girls plan to build a nail salon on.
Bluey: Okay, let's start the nail bar.
Bingo and Muffin: Hooray!
Scene: The girls set up their nail salon, painting and decorating the stump in the process.
Scene: Meanwhile, Pat and Stripe are playing around while Bandit works on removing a stump.
Scene: The scene then cuts to Chilli getting her nails painted by Bluey at the salon stump.
Chilli: Oh, great finish.
Trixie: Thanks, ladies.
Chilli: I told you this place was great.
Scene: Chilli and Trixie leave the salon as the walk back to the balcony.
Bluey: Come back soon!
Bingo: We need more customers.
Scene: Bluey turns to Bandit, seeing as him and the boys are the only ones around that haven't visited.
Bluey: Dad! Can you be our customer?
Bandit: Nah; stump.
Scene: The scene cuts to Pat and Stripe, who have almost removed the first stump.
Stripe: (to Pat) Oh, you've almost got it, you've almost got it!
Scene: Pat successfully lifts the stump, and the boys cheer in celebration. Chilli and Trixie cheer for the removal as well,
Bandit: Yes!
Stripe: Take that, stump!
Scene: Back at the salon stump, Bluey reconsiders her plan.
Bluey: (to Muffin) We'll just do your toenails.
Muffin: Okay!
Bluey: (as she paints) So, been up to much?
Muffin: No.
Bluey: Oh, that's very interesting.
Scene: Bandit, Stripe and Pat arrive, looking to remove the salon stump.
Bandit: Hi.
Bluey: Ooh, hello! Are you here to have your nails done?
Bandit: Well, no; we're not here to have our nails done.
Stripe: We're here for that stump.
Bandit: As I'm sure you are aware.
Bluey: (in shock) Excuse me? It's the first I've heard about all this.
Bandit: You guys need to move the beauty parlour so we can rip up that stump.
Bingo: It's not a beauty parlour; it's a nail salon.
Muffin: And it's our nail salon!
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Yeah!
Bandit: Bluey, I was pretty clear: you could use this stump for your nail bar for as long as it took us to rip up that stump.
Bluey: I don't remember agreeing to that!
Bandit: Well, I do. Now, come on. Vamoose!
Scene: The girls rush to protect their salon stump.
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: No!
Bandit: Get outta the way!
Bluey: (to Bingo and Muffin) Everyone, link arms!
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Hmm!
Bluey: Save our stump!
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: (chanting) Save our stump!
Bandit: Outta the way, kids!
Scene: The girls keep chanting as they block the boys' path.
Bandit: (yelling) Chilli!
Scene: The scene cuts to the ladies on the balcony.
Chilli: (joking) Oh, leave them alone!
Scene: Trixie nods to that statement.
Bandit, Stripe and Pat: What?!
Chilli: They're just trying to run a small business!
Trixie: Go and destroy the planet somewhere else!
Stripe: Destroy the planet?
Pat: It's a stump!
Chilli: Oh, leave that poor stump alone.
Bandit: You're the one who wanted it gone!
Chilli: (to Trixie) Oh, yeah, that's true; I want to put in a fish pond.
Trixie: Oh!
Chilli: (to the boys) Booooo!
Trixie: Save our stump!
Bluey, Bingo, Muffin, Chilli and Trixie: (chanting) Save our stump!
Bandit: Okay, the optics on this aren't good.
Stripe: We can take 'em!
Bandit: Nup, nup. Back up, fellas. Back up! (to the girls) Kids, let's calm this down. Is there anything we can do to settle this?
Bluey: Hmm... One second.
Scene: The girls huddle to figure out a negotiation.
Bluey: (whispering) What do you reckon?
Bingo: (whispering) They should be our customers.
Bluey: (to Bandit) Okay, we'll let you have the stump if you'll be our customers.
Bandit: You mean, you'd do our nails?
Bingo: Fingers and toes.
Bluey: And face make-up.
Bandit: Oh, man. The boys aren't gonna like this.
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: (all giggling)
Stripe: Oh, man!
Pat: What?! No way! I don't wanna get my nails done!
Bandit: This is the best we're gonna get.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler house.  It's a sunny day.  Lively music is playing
Chilli: (offscreen) Whoo! Yeah!
Scene: The scene cuts to the kitchen.  Bluey is dancing.  Chilli is buttering toast, and Bingo is rummaging in the silverware drawer.
Chilli: Shake it, Bluey.
Scene: The song enters a quiet and slow section.  Bluey stops dancing.
Chilli: Oh, why did you stop?
Bluey: I don't like this part of the song.
Chilli: You gotta take the good with the bad, kid.
Scene: Bingo pulls a fork out of the silverware drawer.
Bluey, Bingo: Huh?
Bingo: Why are there forks in the spoon bit?
Chilli: The same reason all the cupboards are left open...
Scene: Chilli closes a cupboard.
Chilli: ... there's an apron in the sink...
Scene: Chilli pulls an apron out of the sink basin and drapes it over the side.
Chilli: ... and the fridge door's never shut - your dad.
Scene: Chilli rolls her eyes.  She places a couple of sardines on the toast.
Bluey: Does that mean you don't like Dad?
Chilli: What?
Bluey: Well, you're saying that because the cupboard doors--
Scene: Bandit enters the kitchen, playing air guitar while crouching and hopping on one leg -- he is imitating Chuck Berry's signature duck walk[1].
Bandit: How's it going, single ladies?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo hug Bandit.
Bluey and Bingo: Hey, Dad!
Bandit: Oh. Hey, morning, kids.
Chilli: How was your run, sweetheart?
Scene: Chilli walks up to kiss Bandit.  They both pucker up, but Bluey and Bingo push Chilli back.
Bluey and Bingo: Uh-uh! (giggle)
Bandit: What?
Chilli: What?
Bluey: He's not yours anymore. He's ours.
Bingo: Yeah. He belongs to us.
Chilli: But I want a smoochy kiss.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo spread their arms, forming a wall to protect Bandit from Chilli.
Bluey: No! You can't have him!
Chilli: What? Why not?
Bluey: You said you don't like him 'cause he leaves the cupboard doors open.
Bandit: What?!
Chilli: I never!
Scene: Chilli lunges forward, grabbing Bandit's arm and dragging him forward.
Chilli: Come here. Give me a smoochy--
Scene: Bluey grabs Bandit's other arm, and Bingo grabs his tail.  They pull in the opposite direction.  Bandit is tugged back and forth in a tug of war.
Chilli: Oh!
Bluey and Bingo: No! He's ours.
Scene: Bingo loses her grip and grabs Bandit's arm instead.
Chilli: He's mine!
Bingo: Get away!
Bandit: (chuckling) Ladies, ladies, there's plenty to go round.
Bluey: Bingo, eggbeater!
Bingo: Ooh, yeah!
Scene: Bingo grabs an eggbeater out of the cabinet behind her, then ducks under Bandit's legs.  She pops up between Chilli and Bandit, causing Chilli to let go of Bandit's arm.
Bingo: Eggbeater!
Chilli: Whoa!
Scene: Bingo turns the eggbeater while advancing on Chilli, who backs away.
Bingo: Beat, beat, beat!
Chilli: (amused) Bingo!
Scene: Chilli grabs a wooden spoon from the counter, and brandishes it like a sword.
Chilli: Boom!
Scene: Chilli thrusts the spoon into the eggbeater whisks.
Chilli: Yah! Yah! Yah!
Scene: The spoon wedges in between the whisks, disabling the eggbeater.  Chilli drops the spoon.
Bingo: Yah!
Scene: Bingo retreats to try to dislodge the spoon.  Bluey charges in with a whisk.
Bluey: Whisk attack!
Scene: Bluey wields the whisk like a sword, tickling Chilli's ribs.
Bluey: Whisky, whisky, whisky!
Chilli: (laughs)
Scene: Chilli grabs a saucepan lid off the counter, and holds it like a shield
Chilli: Saucepan shield!
Scene: Chilli lunges forward with the shield, which Bluey whacks with the whisk.  Bluey is driven backward.
Bluey: Bingo, get Dad out of here!
Scene: The shot pulls back.  Bandit is standing at the fridge with the door open, eating a drumstick.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo drops the eggbeater, and runs over to Bandit.
Bingo: Come here, you.
Scene: Bingo starts shoving Bandit.  He doesn't budge.
Bandit: Uh, yep.
Scene: Bandit puts the rest of the drumstick back, and allows Bingo to shove him out of the room.
Bandit: Okay. Very good.
Scene: Bluey fights harder, pushing Chilli back a few steps.
Bluey: Dad is ours forever now!
Scene: Chilli, who was already crouching, falls on her bum and laughs.
Bluey: Yah!
Scene: Bluey chucks a Big Peanut tea towel over Chilli's face to blind her.
Chilli: Oop! (chuckles)
Scene: Bluey runs out of the room, yelling.
Bluey: Whooooo!
Scene: Chilli takes off the tea towel.
Chilli: Well, good luck with that.
Scene: The open fridge beeps.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Smoochy Kiss.
Scene: The scene cuts to the yellow living room.  Bingo is walking backwards wiht her arms spread, herding Bandit into the room.
Bingo: This way.  This way.
Scene: When Bandit is in the middle of the room, Bingo allows him to stop, and grabs a cylindrical pillow from the couch, holding it over her shoulder in a vaguely military manner.  Bluey runs in.
Bluey: Keep an eye out for Mum, Bingo.
Scene: Bluey grabs her own pillow.
Bandit: She just wants a smoochy kiss.
Bluey: No more smoochy kisses for her.
Bingo: Yeah. You belong to us.
Bandit: Alright. So, am I still married?
Bluey: We'll figure that out later. But now we have to get you somewhere safe.
Bingo: Yeah, come with-- Eww!
Scene: Bingo points at Bandit's armpit.  Bandit raises his arm to examine his armpit.
Bingo: Your armpit is leaking.
Scene: Bluey uses her pillow to raise his other arm.
Bluey: Eww. So is this one.
Bandit: Yeah, I've just been for a run.
Bluey: Okay, well, just keep your arms down, please.
Bandit: Alright.
Scene: The scene cuts to the sunroom.  Chilli is hiding behind the wicker chair.  Bingo enters first, pillow at the ready.  Bandit and Bluey enter afterwards.
Bluey: Check for Mum, Bingo.  She could be hiding.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo runs very close to Chilli's hiding place and looks around.
Bingo: Hmm...
Scene: She doesn't spot Chilli.  Chilli smiles smugly.
Bluey: Ew, Dad! What's that?!
Scene: She points at a brown spot on Bandit's torso.
Bandit: Huh? Oh.  Looks like gravy.
Scene: Bandit wipes it up with a finger, then licks it.
Bluey: Eww!
Bandit: Yep.  Gravy.
Bingo: She's not here. I looked everywhere.
Scene: Chilli jumps out from behind the chair and tackles Bandit.
Chilli: Yah!
Bingo and Bluey: No!
Chilli: Smoochy kiss!
Scene: As Chilli crawls up Bandit's torso to reach his face, Bluey and Bingo squeal and hit her with pillows.  They are able to drive her back onto the floor, where she covers her face to guard against futher pillow blows.
Chilli, Bingo, and Bluey: (laugh)
Bluey: Run!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo drop their pillows and run for the exit.  Bandit sits halfway up.
Bandit: Me as well?
Bluey and Bingo: Yes!
Bandit: Okay.
Scene: Bandit gets up and runs after them, panting. When everyone else has gone, Chilli opens her eyes.
Chilli: I just want a smoochy kiss.
Scene: The scene cuts to show Bingo, Bluey, and Bandit running down a hallway.  There are family photos on the wall - baby Bluey looking at a clover, baby Bingo dozing with Floppy, and a studio photograph of young Rad, Bandit, and Stripe.  Bandit stops in front of a door.
Bluey: (giggles) Come on!
Bandit: Hey kids?  I actually need the toilet.
Scene: Bingo, who kept running, comes back.
Bluey: What?!  No way. It's too risky.
Bandit: Oh. Well, your mum lets me go to the toilet.
Scene: Bluey rolls her eyes.
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Bingo holds up her hand to stop Bandit.  She enters the door first.
Scene: The scene changes to the laundry room.
Scene: Bingo It's clear.
Scene: Bingo opens the door the rest of the way.  Bluey and Bandit enter.
Bluey: Okay, do your business, and do it quickly.
Scene: Bluey holds open the door to the laundry room bathroom.
Bandit: Yes, boss.
Scene: Bandit enters the bathroom.
Bluey: And peeing only.
Bandit: Deal.
Scene: Bluey closes the bathroom door, and spreads her arms to block it.  Bingo closes the hallway door.
Bluey: I'll stay here. Bingo, you guard outside.
Bingo: Okay.
Bandit: (sighs) Ah, that's it.
Scene: The sound of falling water can be heard.
Bluey: Keep your eye out for Mum. She'll do anything for a smoochy kiss.
Scene: Bingo opens the hallway door and steps out.
Bandit: (offscreen) Can't say I blame her.
Scene: The scene changes to the hallway.  Bingo peers around the edge of the door, before stepping out and closing it.  She looks from side to side suspiciously.
Scene: The scene changes to show Bluey, impatiently guarding the bathroom door.  She knocks on the door.
Bluey: Are you almost finished?
Bandit: (offscreen) Almost. Ow! Ooh.
Scene: Bluey looks curiously at the door.
Bandit: (offscreen) Oh, duck cake!
Bluey: What happened?
Scene: The toilet flushes.
Bandit: Nothing.
Scene: Bandit opens the door and exits the bathroom, hopping on one foot.
Bluey: Why are you hopping?
Bandit: I peed on my foot.
Scene: Bluey shrieks and flinches back so far she falls over.  She crawls away backwards on the floor as Bandit hops forward.
Bluey: Why did you pee on your foot?!
Scene: Bandit hops to the sink and leans on it.  Bluey gets to her feet but keeps her distance.
Bandit: I wasn't paying attention.
Bluey: Why not?!
Bandit: I was trying to pull a nose hair out.
Bluey: You've got hairs in your nose?! That's disgusting!
Scene: Bandit turns on the tap and puts his foot in the sink.
Bandit: Welcome to middle age, kid.
Bluey: (yelling) Argh! What are you doing now?!
Bandit: What's it look like? I'm washing the pee off my foot.
Bluey: (yelling) But that's the laundry tub!
Bandit: So?
Bluey: (yelling) It's not for washing pee off your foot!
Scene: Bluey does her best impression of Chilli's disapproving stare.
Bandit: Well, it is now.
Scene: Bluey throws her arms up and screams.
Bluey: Ahhhhhh!
Scene: The scene changes to Bingo, still guarding the hallway door.
Bingo: Is everything alright in--
Scene: Bingo is interrupted by a thump. Bingo looks to her right - it's a large cardboard box, with a red tail sticking out from underneath.
Bingo: Huh? (suspiciously) I don't remember that box being there.  (brightly) Oh well.  Bluey?
Scene: There is another thump.  The box is closer.
Bingo: Hey.  Did that box move?
Scene: The scene changes to the laundry room.  Bandit turns off the tap.  Bluey is facepalms.
Bluey: (in a normal speaking tone) This is outrageous.
Bandit: Toughen up, kid.
Scene: Bandit grabs a shirt and starts drying his foot.
Bluey: (screaming) Aaaaah! That's my shirt!
Bandit: Ah, you hardly wear it.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hallway.  Bluey continues screaming through the door.
Bingo: Bluey, are you sure everything's o--
Scene: The corner of the box visibly moved into the frame, with another thump.  It's now right next to Bingo.  Bingo steps away from the door to investigate.
Bingo: This box is definitely getting...
Scene: Still under the box, Chilli lunges, tackling Bingo to the ground.
Bingo: (squeals)
Scene: Chilli makes munching noises and pantomimes the box chewing on Bingo.
Bingo: (laughing) The box is eating me!
Scene: The scene changes back to the laundry room. Bandit finishes drying his foot and tosses the shirt on the edge of the sink.
Bluey: Oh, no! It's Mum! She's here!
Bandit: Alright. Where to, boss?
Bluey: Um, okay... Look.  You still belong to us, but you have to promise not to do any more disgusting things.
Bandit: Okay, I promise.  No more disgusting things.
Bluey: (satisfied) Good.  Let's go.
Bandit: Hang on, one more.
Scene: Bandit cocks a leg and grunts.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hallway.  Bingo is still giggling and being eaten by the box.  Bluey bursts out of the bathroom.
Bluey: (retching theatrically)  Arghhh!
Bingo: Bluey, what is it?
Scene: Bluey falls to her knees, coughing, and tries to crawl before falling on her stomach.  Bandit exits the bathroom, holding his nose.
Bluey: Dad did a fluffy!
Scene: Bandit waves his hand in front of his face.
Bandit: Ooh.  Sure did.
Scene: Bingo Ahhh! Let me in the box!
Scene: Bingo crawls under the box.  A moment later, Chilli throws it off both of them.
Chilli: Aha!
Bandit: Quick, Mum, now's your chance for a smoochy kiss.
Scene: Chilli waggles her eyebrows.
Chilli: All right!
Scene: Chilli and Bandit pucker up. Bluey throws herself between them.
Bluey: No! Mum, don't go near him.
Chilli: What? Why?
Bluey: It's not safe!
Scene: Chilli winces and waves her hand in front of her face.
Chilli: Ugh, Bandit.
Bandit: Hoo, it's travelling.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo start herding Chilli down the hall.
Bluey: Come on, we have to get you out of here.
Scene: Bandit follows, making kissy faces.
Bandit: (singsong) Smoochy, smoochy, smoochy!
Scene: The scene changes to the kitchen.  Bingo and Bluey enter, panting, standing protectively on either side of Chilli.  They stop in the middle of the kitchen.
Bluey: We have to hide you.
Chilli: Oh, don't be silly.
Scene: Bandit enters.
Bandit: Smoochy, smoochy, smoochy.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo squeal.  Bluey puts herself between Chilli and Bandit, while Bingo grabs a live herb plant.  She brandishes it like a weapon. Bandit recoils.
Bingo: Stand back!
Chilli: Watch out, Bandit! She's got basil!
Scene: The camera cuts to Bingo's point of view.  She's pointing the basil directly at Bandit, who is holding his hands up nonthreateningly.
Bandit: But I want a smoochy kiss.
Scene: The camera cuts to Bandit's point of view.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo No!
Chilli: Just a small one?
Scene: The camera cuts to a high angle shot of the entire kitchen.  As Bandit tries to step aside, Bingo keeps the basil pointed at him, and Bluey and Chilli follow.  The whole standoff gradually rotates counterclockwise.
Bluey: Mum, I've got news for you: that guy is disgusting!
Scene: Bingo thrusts the basil pointedly.
Bingo: Yeah.
Chilli: Oh, what are you talking about?
Scene: The standoff has rotated to the point where Chilli is by the fridge.  While Bluey talks, she closes the cabinets above and next to the fridge.
Bluey: OK, first, he eats his own gravy stains.
Chilli and Bandit: True.
Scene: The standoff has rotated another step. Chilli closes the drawer next to the oven.
Bluey: His armpits are stinky.
Chilli and Bandit: Correct.
Scene: The standoff has rotated another step. Chilli closes cabinets by the kitchen sink.
Bluey: His nose is hairy.
Chilli and Bandit: Very hairy.
Scene: The standoff has rotated another step. Chilli closes the corner cabinet.
Bluey: He does fluffies.
Chilli and Bandit: Stinky fluffies.
Scene: The standoff has rotated another step.
Bluey: And he peed on his own foot.
Chilli: Oh. That's a new one.
Bandit: It's not, actually.
Bluey: He's a grub!
Chilli: Kids, I'm used to all that.
Bluey and Bingo: What?!
Chilli: You gotta take the good with the bad.
Bandit: Yeah, your mum's no bunch of roses either.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo relax, but stay in between Bandit and Chilli.
Bandit: You ever smelt her breath in the morning?
Bluey and Bingo: No.
Scene: Chilli leans down and breathes in Bluey and Bingo's faces.  Their ears pull back and their fur ruffles.  Bluey clutcher her nose, and Bingo falls to the floor.  Bluey falls a second after.  They crawl to Bandit's feet, gagging.
Chilli: And that's before I've had my sardines.
Scene: Chilli grabs the sardine toast she prepared earlier, and takes a big bite.
Bluey and Bingo: Eww.
Bandit: And that's just one of the long list of disgusting things that...
Scene: Chilli crunches her toast loudly.  She stars at him, one eyebrow raised.
Bandit: (sheepishly) ... I will keep to myself.
Scene: Bandit walks over and puts his arm on Chilli's shoulder.
Chilli: Kids, if you're gonna belong to someone, you better toughen up.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo gag theatrically.
Bluey: You can... (gags) ... keep each other.
Chilli and Bandit: Works for me.
Scene: They finally kiss. Bluey and Bingo groan and gag, then run out of the room.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The music during the credits is the episode music.  Bluey is replaced with Chilli under the cardboard box.  She slowly inches forward as the credits progress.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler house.  It is a windy day, and someone is flying a kite. The scene cuts to the entryway.  A toy cable car system has been set up between the table at the front door and the staircase landing.  The cableway has two baskets on it, that can be sent from one end to the other by cranking a handle.
Scene: Chilli ducks under the cable to grab her keys, a bag, and a picnic blanket.  She ducks it again as she opens the front door.
Chilli: Come on, kids. We have to go. Quick sticks!
Scene: Bluey pops her head over the stair railing.
Bluey: Oh, why?
Chilli: We're meeting Judo at the park. If we don't get a move on, we'll be late.
Bluey: Oh, can we not go just yet?
Chilli: Why not?
Bluey: Just...because?
Chilli: That's not a reason. Now, where's your hat?
Bluey: I don't know.
Scene: Bingo walks in.
Chilli: Well, find it. We're leaving in one minute.
Scene: Bingo stretches out her arms.
Bingo: Is one minute this long?
Scene: Chilli pushes Bingo's hands together; to about the width of Bingo's muzzle.
Chilli: More like this long. Have you cleaned your teeth?
Bingo: Yeah.
Chilli: Show me.
Scene: Bingo opens her mouth -- her teeth are stained green and yellow, and have vegetables stuck in them.
Bingo: Aaaah!
Chilli: When did you clean them?
Bingo: Last night.
Chilli: Okay, go and clean your teeth.
Bingo: Aww!
Chilli: Come on. I'll time you.
Scene: Chilli gets down on one knee and pantomimes holding a stopwatch.  Bingo wags her tail excitedly.
Chilli: Ready, set, go!
Scene: Chilli imitates the ticking of a stopwatch.
Chilli: Chik-chik-chik-chik-chik!
Scene: Bingo Ahhhh!
Scene: Bingo runs off screaming.
Bluey: Bingo, package!
Bingo: Aah!
Scene: Bingo skids to a stop, turns around, and runs to the door, ducking between Chilli's legs.  Meanwhile, Bluey is sending something down the cableway.
Chilli: Ah! Hey! Bluey, hat. Bingo, teeth.
Bluey: I just need to deliver this.
Chilli: Deliver what?
Scene: Bingo pulls a purple gel gecko out of the cableway basket.
Bingo: Sticky gecko!
Chilli: Oh, no.
Scene: Bingo throws the sticky gecko on the ceiling.
Bluey, Bingo: Hooray!
Bluey: (voiceover) This episode of Bluey is called: Sticky Gecko.
Scene: Cut to a close-up of the gecko, stuck to the ceiling.  One leg comes unstuck with a squelch.
Scene: Cut back to the entranceway.  Bingo is waiting underneath the gecko, arms raised to catch it.
Bingo: Come to mama, little Gecky.
Chilli: I'm still timing you, Bingo! Chik-chik-chik-chik!
Scene: Bluey runs down the stairs.
Bingo: But I have to catch Gecky.
Bluey: You brush your teeth. I'll catch Gecky.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo runs offscreen.
Chilli: No, you find your hat. I'll catch Gecky.
Scene: Chilli shoos Bluey over to the hat rack, and puts her arms out to catch Gecky.  Bingo looks over the railing.
Bingo: Keep timing!
Chilli: Chik-chik-Chik-chik!
Bluey: I can't find it.
Chilli: Have you looked?
Bluey: Yeah, I've looked everywhere.
Scene: Chilli groans and points to the hat rack.
Chilli: There it is.
Bluey: Oh, yeah!
Scene: Bluey climbs on a bench to reach the hat rack.
Chilli: Come on, Gecky.
Scene: Bluey looks at the photo of Mort in uniform that hangs by the front door.
Bluey: What was it that Granddad used to say when he was a soldier?
Chilli: Hurry up and wait.
Scene: Bingo walks in eating a banana.
Bingo: Heehee! Hurry up and wait.
Chilli: Bingo, teeth!
Bingo: Oh, yeah!
Scene: Bingo throws the banana to Chilli and runs off.
Scene: Bluey knocks over the hat rack.
Chilli: Whoa!
Bluey: Sorry.
Chilli: Are you okay?
Bluey: Yeah, I'm okay.
Chilli: Good. Now, help me tidy this up.
Bluey: Oh, why do I have to help?
Scene: Chilli gives her a death glare.
Bluey: Ooh, okay.
Scene: Bingo appears at the railing, mouth full of toothpaste foam.  She points with an electric toothbrush.
Bingo: Aah! Who's catching Gecky?
Scene: Chilli drops the hats and banana to hold her arms out to Gecky.
Chilli: Uh, I am!
Bingo: My banana!
Bluey: I'll get it! Here it comes!
Scene: Bluey puts the banana in the basket and cranks it up to the landing.  Bingo takes it while brushing her teeth.
Bingo: (muffled) Thanks, Bluey!
Scene: She bites into the banana.
Bingo: Blah! Toothpaste-y!
Scene: She puts the banana back in the basket; gravity carries it back down.  Bluey is now wearing her hat.  Chilli rapidly tidies up the hats.
Chilli: Okay, let's go. I need you out the door in one minute.
Bluey: Can I have my hat like Granddad's, with the side bit up like that?
Chilli: Oh, look, Bluey...
Bluey: Please?
Chilli: Okay. Go and get a badge, but hurry up!
Scene: Bluey runs off.  She trips over the hat rack, knocking it over again.
Bluey: Aaah! Sorry!
Scene: Bluey's hat falls off.
Chilli: Ughhh!
Scene: Chilli starts to pick up hats.
Bingo: Time for rollerskates!
Scene: Bingo drops a pair off rollerskates from the landing with a loud thud, startling Chilli.
Chilli: Aah!
Bingo: Mum, Gecky!
Scene: Chilli resumes gecko-catching position.
Chilli: Sorry! Come on, Gecky!
Scene: Bingo shows Chilli her now-clean teeth.
Chilli: Chik-chik Stop! Woah, one minute. Well done! Now, let's get going.
Bingo: I'm just gonna put on my rollerskates.
Chilli: Bingo, there's no time!
Bingo: Aww!
Chilli: Oh, alright, let me put them on for you.
Bingo: No, you have to time me.
Chilli': Okay. Ready, set, go. Chik-chik-chik-chik-chik!
Bingo: And we can't leave before Gecky falls off.
Chilli: Oh, look. I'm gonna give him a hand, alright?
Scene: Bluey appears at the railing.  She's holding up a gold Australia badge.
Bluey: I found a badge!
Scene: She places a badge in the cable basket and starts cranking it down.
Chilli: Great. Bluey, can you please grab me my hockey stick? I need to get Gecky down.
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Bluey stops cranking halfway and runs off.  Bingo is just starting to tie her laces.
Bingo: The rabbit goes round the garden...nope, nope, try again.
Scene: Bluey brings in a squawking Chattermax.
Bluey: Look who I found!
Bingo: Chattermax!
Chilli: Bluey, hockey stick!
Bluey: I couldn't find it!
Chilli: Did you look? Oh, never mind. Give me that. I'll use Chattermax.
Scene: Chilli drags over a foot stool and stands on it.  She repeatedly bashes a squawking Chattermax against the ceiling in an attempt to knock down Gecky.
OriginalDisneyChilli: Dammit! Really stuck!Chilli: This thing is really stuck!
Bingo: Gecky doesn't like being rushed.
Chattermax: Poo poo! Poo poo!
Scene: Chattermax fires a barrage of chattersnax out of its bum, right in Chilli's face.  Chilli falls off the stool, bounces off the cable way (knocking the badge to the floor), and lands on the floor.  Chattermax dances out of the shot. Bingo finishes tying her rollerskates.
Bingo: Finished!
Chilli: They're on the wrong feet, darl.
Bingo: Are they? I'll start again.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo, there's just no--
Scene: Chilli steps on the Australia badge.
Chilli: OWW!
Bluey: Mum, have you seen my hat?
Scene: As Chilli reaches her breaking point, the camera performs a dolly zoom on her face.
Chilli: Oooooooo-AH! Alright, that's it!
Scene: Chilli plucks the badge out of her foot and slams the front door.
Chilli: We're not going to the park!
Scene: Chilli plops down in am armchair and angrily opens a magazine.
Chilli: We're just staying here, then!
Scene: Chilli aggressively flips through the magazine.  Bluey approaches timidly.
Bluey: So...we're not going anywhere?
Chilli: No, we'll just stay here forever!
Bluey: Oh.
Scene: Bluey sits down on the floor and hugs Floppy. Chilli flips through the magazine.  Her eye twitches.  She throws the magazine to the floor and opens the front door.
Chilli: That's it! Come on! Out, out, out!
Bluey: I don't understand!
Chilli: We're leaving now!
Bluey: Okay, okay! I just have to find my hat.
Chilli: Ughhh! The door. It is right here. All we need to do is walk out of it. It's so easy.
Bluey: Why do we have to go right now?
Chilli: Because I don't wanna be late.
Bluey: But why?
Chilli: Because it's not nice to keep people waiting. Especially Judo's mum. She can get a little funny if you're not on time.
Bluey: Oh. Why?
Chilli: Well, I guess she thinks it's rude. But it just takes ages getting out of the house.
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: (amused) Because you kids don't care about being on time.
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: Because you're too busy having fun. In fact, that's why we're going to the park. Judo's been asking for a playdate for ages.
Bluey: Why?
Scene: Chilli taps Bluey on the nose.
Chilli: Because you're a lovely little kid.
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: Because I put a lot of work into making sure you're a lovely little kid.
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: Because lovely little kids turn into lovely grownups. Like Judo's mum. She really is lovely, actually.
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: Well, when you were born, she made us five lasagnas.
Bluey: Mmm!
Chilli: It meant so much to me. That's the sort of person I want you to be.
Scene: Chilli ruffles Bluey's hair.
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: Because I want you to have a happy life.
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: Because I love you!
Bluey: But why?
Chilli: Just...because!
Bluey and Bingo: That's not a reason!
Chilli: Oh, okay, you win!
Scene: Chilli picks up Bluey and hugs her tight.
Chilli: So what's going on, Bluey? Why can't you get out the door?
Bluey: I'm just nervous about seeing Judo.
Chilli: I hear you. It's been a long time since you've seen her.
Scene: Chilli puts Bluey's hat on her, and pins up the side with the Australia badge.
Chilli: Just be brave, okay? Like your granddad. Atten-shun!
Scene: Chilli and Bluey salute each other.
Chilli: Forward, march!
Scene: Chilli shoos Bluey out the door.
Chilli: Hup, hup, hup, hup, hup!
Bingo: Stop!
Chilli: Huh? Oh, oh, oh! Chik-chik-chick! Click! Oh!
Bingo: Was that one minute?
Chilli: Pretty much.
Scene: Bingo pumps her fist.
Bingo: Uss!
Chilli: You have no idea what a minute is, do you, sweetheart?
Bingo: Nope.
Scene: Chilli rolls Bingo out the door.
Chilli: Ahh, that must be nice.
Scene: Chilli's phone goes off.
Chilli: It's Judo's mum. She's running late! Oh, well, take your time, kids.
Scene: Chilli twangs the cable line, launching the banana into the air.  She catches it.
Scene: Bingo comes back in the door.
Bingo: I'm hungry.
Scene: Chilli hands her the banana.
Bingo: Ooh, banana!
Scene: Bingo exits.  Chilli picks up the hat rack, ducks under the cable, and walks out, closing the door behind her. The camera pans up -- Gecky slowly peels off the ceiling.  As he hangs by a single foot, rapid footsteps approach.  The door opens, and Chilli dives in, catching Gecky at the last second.
Chilli: Ooh! Gotcha.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The most energetic segment of the background music plays over the end credits.  Instead of Bluey dancing, Bingo throws Gecky on the ceiling again, then runs offscreen.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: Bingo, Bluey, and Chilli sit on the kiwi rug in the playroom.
Chilli: Okay, let’s do this. You ready?
Bluey, Bingo: Yup!
Chilli: Try and make me laugh. It’s not gonna happen. I am impossible to make laugh. Hang on. Let me get my serious face.
Scene: Chilli closes her eyes and clenches her fists.  She forces her mouth into a neutral expression.
Chilli: (dramatically) Okay, there. Go.
Scene: Bluey purses her lips and waggles her eyebrows.
Bluey: Hmmmmm!
Scene: Chilli snorts.
Chilli: (laughing) What was that?!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Chilli: Okay, okay, okay. I wasn’t ready for that. Go again.
Chilli: Wait, wait, serious face, serious face.
Scene: Chilli closes her eyes and returns to a neutral expression.
Chilli: Ready.
Scene: Bluey tilts her head, cocks an eyebrow, and opens her mouth.
Bluey: Wa.
Scene: Chilli and Bingo laugh.
Chilli: (laughing) This is impossible!
Chilli: Bingo, you try. Okay, hang on, hang on.
Scene: She steadies herself.
Chilli: Okay, go.
Scene: Bingo crosses her eyes and raises her upper lip.
Bingo: Nnnnn.
Scene: Chilli bursts out laughing.  Bingo and Bluey giggle.
Chilli: (laughing) Oh man, I can’t do this.
Scene: Chilli wipes away a tear.
Chilli: You kids are bananas.  Give me another go, Bingo.
Chilli: Okay. Deep breath.
Scene: She puts her palms together and breathes deeply.
Chilli: Okay, I’m ready.
Scene: Bingo tilts her head and puffs out her cheeks.
Bingo: Hmmmmm.
Scene: Chilli smothers a laugh.  Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Chilli: Oh, man, I give up.
Scene: [End credits]
<|endoftext|>
Aunt Trixie: No, no, I love my custard cold.
Chilli: Really? It's like goop!
Bandit: Ah-ah-ah! No peeking at those presents.
Bluey: Why not?
Bandit: Because Santa doesn't give presents to naughty kids.
Muffin: How does Santa get in? There's no chimney.
Bluey: Maybe he uses the verandah?
Muffin: Oh, yeah.
Bandit, Bluey and Muffin: Rah!
Bingo: Let's play Verandah Santa!
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Yeah!
Bluey: Come on, Dad.
Uncle Stripe: Ooh! (GROANS)
Bingo: Muffin, quick, you have to say sorry.
Bluey: Santa´s watching. He knows if you've been naughty or nice.
Bingo: You won't get any presents.
Muffin: (SCREAMS) I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Uncle Stripe: No worries, Muffin. I accept your sorry.
Bluey: Phew. Come on!
Chilli: Ooh! Bluey!
Bluey: Ah! Sorry!
Scene: This episode of Bluey is called Verandah Santa.
Bluey: Ok Dad. You be Verandah Santa first.
Bandit: Ok. Time for bed, kids. It's Christmas in the morning.
Bluey, Bingo & Muffin: Hurray! Christmas!
Bandit: That means Verandah Santa is coming tonight!
Bluey, Bingo & Muffin: Hurray!
Bandit: Now. He only gives presents to nice kids who are fast asleep.
Bluey, Bingo & Muffin: Good night Dad!
Bandit: So no peeking, or no presents. (SHUTS DOOR)
Verandah Santa: Ho ho ho!
Scene: (Bingo Giggles)
Scene: (While Verandah Santa is going to put a pencil case under Bluey's pillow. Bluey peeks.)
Verandah Santa: Ho? Was that a peek?!
Bluey: No no! I'm still asleep! It wasn't a peek!
Verandah Santa: It better not have be!
(Verandah Santa puts a pencil case under Bluey's pillow, shaving cream under Bingo's, And a snow globe under Muffin's while saying: Ho ho and ho.)
Scene: (DOOR OPENS)
Bandit: (In a excited voice) Wake up kids! It's Christmas!
Bluey, Bingo & Muffin: Hurray!
Bandit: See if Verandah Santa left you anything!
Muffin: I got a snow globe!
Bingo: I got shaving cream!
Bluey: I got a pencil case!
Bingo: Hey! That's my pencil case!
Scene: (Bluey screams)
Bluey: Dad!
Bandit: Bingo! No snatching thanks.
Bingo: But it's mine!
Bandit: It's just Bluey's for the game. She'll give it back after.
Bingo: (In a sad voice) Okay. I'm sorry Bluey.
Bandit: Well done Bingo.
Scene: Bluey; I don't want it.
Bingo: Dad! I said sorry but she isn't taking the pencil case!
Bandit: Are you gonna accept her sorry Bluey?
Bluey: No! Why should i?
Bingo: Because Santa won't bring you any present!
Scene: (Muffin nods)
Muffin: Santa likes children who accepts sorries.
Bluey: Okay fine.
Bandit: Huh? That was easy. Okay, someone else's turn to be Verandah Santa!
Scene: (Bandit jumps in the bed)
Bluey, Bingo & Muffin: Ah! Get off!
Bandit: (In a relaxed voice) Oh yeah.
Bluey, Bingo & Muffin: Get off!
Scene: W.I.P
Bandit: Whats under your pillow Socks?
Socks: Ha!....... Hmmm
Bluey: Oh, I guess Verandah Santa doesn't give presents to kids who bite people.
Bandit: Bluey!
Bluey: SHE BIT ME!!!
Scene: Socks whines and runs off.
Bingo: Whee!
Bandit: Bluey, I think you should say sorry to Socks.
Bluey: I didn't do anything wrong! I was teaching her that Santa doesn't give you presents if you're not nice.
Bandit: Bluey, don't worry about whether Santa's gonna bring you presents or not, OK?
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: 'Cause it's not the reason to be nice to people.
Bluey: Well, then, what's the reason?
Chilli: Come with us.
Scene: They go outside and see Socks sitting next to the lit up reindeer, who sniffs.
Bluey: Oh.
Chilli: That's the reason.
Bandit: Imagine if Socks did to you what you did to her.
Scene: Bluey walks over to Socks.
Bluey: Hi, Socks. I'm sorry I didn't give you any presents. I was mad at you 'cause you bit me and you didn't say sorry.
Scene: Socks walks over to Bluey and licks where she bit Bluey's arm. Bluey hugs Socks, who accepts the hug. Later, everyone is playing Verandah Santa with Bandit playing Verandah Santa.
Bandit: OK. Night, kids. That's enough sinister plotting.
All: Night-night.
Bandit: Ho, ho... Whoa, no!
All: Get him!
Scene: Bandit gets hit by several pillows.
Bandit: Verandah Santa's just trying to do his job. You naughty kids!
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler home.  A trio of Eurasian Tree Sparrows fly past. In the yellow living room, Bandit is lying on the couch, reading the newspaper.
Bandit: (sighs) Ahhh.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo stick their heads under the bottom of the newspaper.
Bluey and Bingo: Daaaaad!
Bandit: What do you hillbillies want?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo crawl up onto Bandit's stomach.
Bluey: (sadly) We want a pet.
Bandit: What?  Pets end up taking over the place. I've already got you two animals for that.
Scene: Bandit rubs Bluey's head, she giggles.
Bluey: I can train it! Animals listen to me.
Scene: Bandit sits up with a grunt, dislodging the two kids.
Bingo: Please, can we have a pet?
Bandit: But you've already got one -- Shaun.
Scene: Bandit holds his hand up, holding his fingers and thumb together in a vague imitation of a bird's head, which he moves as though he was operating a sock puppet.
Bandit: (as Shaun) Marp!
Bluey: Aaaaah!
Scene: Bluey screams and jumps over the back of the couch, falling to the floor with a thud.
Bingo: (joyfully) Shaun!
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Shaun.
Shaun: Marp!
Bingo: Hello, Shaun!
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Bluey cautiously peeks out from behind the couch, then slowly creeps back to the front of the couch.
Bingo: It's good to see you again.
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey: (rolling her eyes) Daaad! We want a real pet.
Scene: Shaun pecks Bluey on the forehead.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: Shaun doesn't like kids saying he isn't real.
Bingo: Oh, you're a cute emu, Shaun.
Scene: Shaun lowers his neck and Bingo pets it.  Shaun nuzzles Bingo's face.
Shaun: Marp!
Bingo: (giggles) Shaun likes me.
Bluey: He doesn't like me.
Bandit: You just need to show him you're in charge.  Watch.  Shaun?
Scene: Shaun turns to look at Bandit.
Shaun: Marp!
Bandit: Sit.
Scene: Shaun repeatedly pecks Bandit in the face.  Bluey and Bingo laugh
Bandit: Ow! Shaun! No!
Scene: Bandit holds Shaun back with his free hand.
Shaun: Marp! Marp!
Bandit: It's harder than it looks.
Bingo: Maybe he's just hungry.
Bluey: Yeah! Let's give him some food!
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  We see an establishing shot focusing on a box of cereal.
Shaun: (offscreen) Marp, marp, maaaarp!
Scene: Cut to the kitchen counter.  Bingo has a handful of cereal, and Bluey has a handful of sunflower seeds.  Bandit and Shaun are seated on the other side of the counter.
Shaun: Marp!
Bingo: Okay, try this, Shaun.
Scene: Shaun pecks at the cereal without eating any.
Scene: Marp, marp, marp!
Scene: Shaun knocks Bingo's hand away, scattering the cereal.
Shaun: Maaarp!
Bingo: Aah! Shaun! [giggles]
Scene: Bingo ducks out of frame to pick up cereal.  Bluey comes forward, and offers Shaun the sunflower seeds.
Bluey: What about some sunflower seeds?
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun pecks at the sunflower seeds, picking them up in his beak.
Shaun: Marp, marp, marp...
Bluey: It's working!
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun spits the seeds in Bluey's face.
Bluey: Aah! [giggles]
Bandit: Geez, he's a picky eater.
Scene: Cut to Bingo in front of the fridge.
Bingo: Maybe something from the fridge.
Shaun: Maaarp!
Scene: As soon as Bingo opens the fridge, Shaun lunges across the counter, dragging Bandit behind him.
Bluey: Bingo, noooo!
Scene: Shaun sticks his head in the fridge, and Bingo slams the door on it.  Bandit continues to try to force the door closed, but Shaun won't budge.
Bluey: Bingo, noooo!
Bingo: (angrily) Shaun!
Bandit: He's eating everything!
Bingo: Get out of the fridge!
Bandit: Stop him, Bluey!
Bluey: Bad Shaun!
Bingo: (simultaneously) Shaun, no!  Shaun!
Bandit: Oh, no! He's into the flan!
Bingo: Aah! Shaun, that's not how we eat!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo grab onto Bandit to help him pull Shaun out of the fridge.
All three: (grunt)
Scene: They finally extract Shaun from the fridge, falling over with a thud.  Shaun emerges from the fridge, covered in sauce and holding a slice of pizza in his beak.
All three: Phew!
Bingo: Oh, Shaun, look how dirty you are!
Scene: Bluey crosses her arms and scolds Shaun.
Bluey: Bad Shaun!  Now you need a bath!
Scene: Bluey stomps her foot for emphasis.  Shaun pecks her in the forehead again, getting food all over her face.
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey: Aah! [giggles]
Scene: The scene changes to an establishing shot of a bathroom door.
Shaun: (offscreen) Marp, marp, marp!
Scene: Water splashes.
Bluey: Daddy, still Shaun!
Scene: The scene changes to inside the bathroom.  Bluey and Bingo are bathing Shaun in the sink.  Shaun splashes Bluey in the face.
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey: Aah!
Bingo: (giggles)
Bluey: (laughing) I'm trying to get you clean, Shaun!
Bandit: Geez, emus hate being washed.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun splashes Bluey in the face again.
Bluey: Aaah! That's it!  Raaah!
Scene: Bluey grabs Shaun with both hands; they struggle for a second.
Bingo: Here, Bluey.
Scene: Bingo hands bluey a bottle of shampoo.  Bluey squirts some on Shaun's face. Shaun begins to thrash around even harder, and Bluey struggles to keep her hands on him.
Bingo: Oh, no! You got shampoo in his eyes!
Scene: Shaun gets free.  Everyone pauses for a beat.  The scene cuts to the outside of the bathroom.  Shaun busts out of the door and drags Bandit screaming down the hall.
Bandit: Aaah!
Scene: Bingo and Bluey chase them, laughing.
Bandit: Oh, no! He did not like that!
Scene: The scene changes to the green living room.  Shaun charges into the scene and starts digging in a pile of pillows on the couch
Shaun: Maaarp! Marp!
Bluey: Sit!
Scene: Shaun throws a pillow on the floor.
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey: Sit!
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun throws a pillow across the room, landing at Chilli's feet.
Chilli: (gasps)  My couch!  What's going on here?!
Scene: Shaun's head pops up out of the pile of pillows, with another one held in his mouth.
Shaun: Marp!
Chilli: (rolling her eyes) Oh. Shaun's back.
Bluey: Mum, he's not listening to me.
Chilli: Oh, really?  Shaun, sit.
Scene: Shaun goes quiet, drops the pillow, and sits.
Bingo: Wooow.
Bluey: Wow!
Chilli: Good Shaun.
Scene: Chilli pets Shaun's head.
Bluey: How did you do that?
Chilli: Just stay calm and controlled. (smugly) He's a simple creature, really.
Scene: Shaun pecks Chilli on the bum.
Shaun: Mmmarp!
Chilli: Ooh! Shaun!
Bandit: (laughing) Oh, you shouldn't have done that, Shaun.
Chilli: Shaun, that is not acceptable behavior.
Shaun: Maaarp!
Bandit: Wow, this emu just can't be tamed.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Chilli: You know what this emu needs?
Bluey and Bingo: What?
Bandit: Yeah, what?
Chilli: (sing-song) Walkies!
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Bingo: Walkies!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle as they run out of the room.
Bandit: Well played.
Scene: Cut to the front steps.  Bluey has Shaun (and thus Bandit) on a pink leash with a rhinestone collar.  Bingo and Chilli come out of the house behind them.
Chilli: Remember, Bluey, calm and controlled.
Bluey: Calm and controlled -- got it.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun takes off at a run, dragging a screaming Bandit and Bluey out of frame behind him.  Bingo laughs as she follows.
Chilli: Oh, dear.
Scene: The scene changes to the front of an unfamiliar house.  Shaun drags Bandit and Bluey into frame, still screaming.  Shaun sticks his head into the letterbox.
Bluey: Stop, Shaun! Stop!
Shaun: Maaarp!
Scene: Shaun whips his head around, scattering mail everywhere.
Bluey and Bingo: Nooo!
Bingo: Shaun, no!
Bluey: Look at this mess!
Shaun: Marp!
Bandit: This isn't going well, kids. I say we just turn around and go home.
Bluey: No. I can do this.
Scene: Bluey yanks on the leash, forcing Shaun to face her.
Bluey: Shaun, that is not acceptable behavior. Do you understand?
Scene: Bluey flinches, covering her face with her arms.
Shaun: Marp.
Scene: Bluey relaxes.
Bingo: He listened!
Bluey: Good boy, Shaun.  That's more like it.
Scene: Pat walks into the frame.
Pat: Hey, Bandit. How ya goin'?
Scene: Shaun pounces on him, knocking him to the ground.
Bluey and Bingo: No!
Shaun: Marp marp marp!
Scene: Shaun pecks Pat in the ribs, as Pat laughs and screams.
Bluey: Shaun, get off him!
Bandit: Sorry, mate! He doesn't like dogs!
Bluey: Get off Lucky's Dad!
Pat: Janeeeelle!  Shaun's back!
Bandit: (whispering) Go limp! Go limp!
Shaun: Marp! Marp! Marp!
We hear a screech, and Shaun's head snaps up, focused on something offscreen.  We pan over to see: an Australian white ibis.  Shaun and Bandit take off in hot pursuit.
Bluey: (screaming) He's chasing the bin chicken!
Scene: The camera follows Shaun and Bandit chasing the bin chicken, with Bluey and Bingo trailing behind.
Shaun: Marp! Marp! Marp!
Bin Chicken: (squawk)
Bluey: Shaun, come back!
Bingo and Bluey: Shaun, no!
Bandit: He's heading for the prickle bush!
Bingo: He'll get prickles! Pleeease make him stop, Bluey!
Scene: Bingo and Bluey stop running.
Bluey: Okay.  Calm and controlled. Shaun, stop.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun stops just shy of the prickle bush.  The bin chicken makes a right turn and gets away.
Bingo: (gasps) He stopped!
Bandit: Whoa.
Bluey: Come.
Scene: Shaun and Bandit calmly walk over.
Bingo: He came!
Bluey: Sit.
Scene: Shaun and Bandit sit.
Bingo: He sat!
Scene: Bluey pats Shaun on the head.
Bluey: Good boy, Shaun.
Shaun: Marp!
Bingo: Woooow! You did it, Bluey.
Bluey: Calm and controlled. Now, walkies.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: The scene changes, the three are now in a park.
Bluey: Sit.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun and Bandit sit.  Bluey removes Shaun's collar, and points out into the park.
Bluey: Go!
Scene: Shaun and Bandit run around erratically.
Shaun: Marp, marp, marp, marp, marp, marp, marp!
Scene: Cut to an elephant slide.  Shaun and Bandit slide down the slide while Bingo giggles.
Shaun: Maaaarp!
Scene: Cut to a different part of the park.  Bluey is chasing Shaun, and tags him.
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey: You're it! (screams)
Scene: Shaun chases Bluey, but Bandit is panting and can only make it a few steps.  Shaun turns around and starts pecking at his face.
Shaun: Marp, marp, marp, marp, marp, marp!
Scene: Bandit sighs and resumes the chase.
Scene: Cut to another part of the park.  Bandit looks worn out and his chest is heaving.  Bingo is holding a stick.
Bingo: Ready?  Fetch!
Scene: Bingo throws the stick, and Shaun and Bandit run after it.  They return after a moment, Bandit panting.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Yet another part of the park.  Shaun is giving Missy an emu ride.
Missy: (laughs)
Shaun: Marp! Marp!
Scene: Shaun returns to a line of kids.  Missy jumps off and Winton takes her place.
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey: Here ya go!
Scene: Shaun and Bandit set off at a walk.  Bandit looks miserable.
Bluey: Next!
Scene: Cut back to Bingo and Shaun playing fetch.  Bandit's chest is still heaving.
Bingo: Ready?
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Bingo fakes a throw.
Bingo: Go get it!
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun stops after a few steps, looking around in confusion.  Bingo laughs.
Shaun: Marp! Marp!
Scene: Cut back to the house.  Shaun is picking up mail and putting it back in the box.
Shaun: Marp! Maaarp! Marp!
Scene: Cut to the Heelers' front lawn.  Pat is petting Shaun, who is back on the leash.
Pat: No hard feelings, mate.
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Cut to Chilli and Bandit's bedroom.  Shaun walks in with an exhausted Bandit.
Shaun: Marp!
Bluey: Up!
Scene: Bandit and Shaun get up on the bed.
Bluey: Lie down.
Scene: Bandit lies down.  Shaun keeps his head up.
Bluey: Good boy.  Sleepy time now.
Shaun: Maaarp.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo walk up next to Shaun.  Bluey starts to pet Shaun's head as they sing.
Bluey and Bingo: (singing) Go to sleep, go to sleep / Go to sleep, little emu / In the morning, in the morning / We will do it again
Shaun: Marp!
Scene: Shaun goes limp.  Bandit immediately begins to snore.  Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Scene: A brief cutaway shot of the sun setting behind the Heeler house, with birds flying past.  Then we return to the bedroom, with much brighter light.  Bandit hasn't moved.  Chilli walks in.
Bandit: (yawning) Oh, man.  Is it morning?
Chilli: Yep!
Bandit: (concerned) Where's Shaun?
Chilli: Well, while you were asleep, Shaun left for a long holiday to the bush to see his friends.
Scene: Bandit examines his hand, and wiggles his fingers.
Bandit: Oh. Well, good for him.
Chilli: Yes, but...
Bandit: What?
Scene: Four emu-hands pop up from the edge of the bed. These belong to Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey and Bingo: (as emus) Marp! Marp, marp marp...
Bandit: Aaah!
Scene: Bandit flinches and covers his face.  The emus continue to marp.
Chilli: He's had babies!
Bandit: Oh, no!
Emus: Maaarp!
Scene: All four emus peck Bandit in the stomach simultaneously.
Emus: Marp!
Bandit: Oww!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode theme Shaun. Chilli laughs over the first few seconds, and then emus marp over the rest of it.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts at Calypso's school. The shot cuts to the main classroom, where all the children are gathered around by Calypso.
Calypso: Okay class, something very special is happening today!
Bluey, Mackenzie: What is it?
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie look at each other after saying the same thing in unintentional unison. Winton scoots up next to Bluey.
Winton: Oooh! Bluey's gonna marry Mackenzie!
Bluey & Mackenzie: No we're not!
Calypso: You're going to see your buddies!
The children: Hooray!
Calypso: Now, go to the special place where you meet them.
Scene: The children laugh as they all run off. The shot cuts to Bluey running to her buddy, sitting on a hill resting underneath a tree.
Bluey: Mia!
Mia: Bluey!
Scene: Mia and Bluey hug each other.
Bluey: Can we build a fairy garden?
Mia: Okay, let's go!
Scene: The shot cuts to Mackenzie meeting his buddy.
Mackenzie: Captain!
Captain: Mackenzie!
Scene: The two do a unique handshake.
Mackenzie: Can we play barky boats?
Captain: Okay!
Calypso: This episode of Bluey is called Barky Boats.
Scene: The shot cuts back to Bluey and Mia, who run down the hill, joyfully laughing.
Bluey: Mia? Can I show you my cartwheel?
Mia: Go for it!
Scene: Bluey proceeds to do a cartwheel, impressing Mia.
Mia: Wow! You've been practicing! Watch mine!
Scene: Mia does her cartwheel, landing in a split.
Bluey: Whoa!
Mia: Come on! I'll race you!
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey and Mia race after one another, heading to the forest where their fairy garden resides. The shot cuts to Mackenzie and Captain sitting by a small pond canal. Mackenzie grabs some wood bark chips scattered about the ground.
Captain: I'll make the dam!
Mackenzie: Here's a good one!
Captain: Oh yeah, that'll go fast!
Scene: Just then, Bluey and Mia run by as Mackenzie is busy sharpening a bark chip to refine the shape.
Captain: Hi Mia. Hi Mia! HI MIA!
Mia: Oh! Hi Captain!
Captain: What are you up to?
Mia: Bluey and I are gonna go build a fairy garden. What are you doing?
Captain: We're playing barky boats!
Mia: Oh, okay. Have fun. Bye!
Captain: Bye, Mia!
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie stick their tongue out at each other, showing they have a light rivalry with one another. After Bluey and Mia leave, Mackenzie runs back with the barky boat.
Mackenzie: Okay, let it go!
Scene: Captain moves his hands away from the dam, causing the water to flood out as the barky boat travels down the canal.
Mackenzie & Captain: Yeah! Look at it go!
Scene: The boat reaches the end, a wave of new water overlapping with the pond at the end of the canal.
Mackenzie: Again!
Captain: Hey, uhh, Mackenzie? Do you wanna help Bluey build a fairy garden?
Mackenzie: ...No?
Captain: Ah, okay.
Scene: The shot cuts to Bluey and Mia in the forest, running to a secluded space with a small stream of water running through.
Bluey: Let's build it here!
Scene: Bluey grabs a log, and Mia grabs a couple leaves.
Bluey: This can be the bridge.
Mia: These can be the trees!
Scene: Bluey and Mia do more work on the fairy garden, setting up houses out of the resources around the forest. Mia helps Bluey pick a couple plants off of the trees, and then the shot cuts to a more complete fairy garden.
Bluey: How old are you?
Mia: Twelve!
Bluey: Wow. Can you drive a car?
Mia: Hehehe! No, not yet!
Bluey: When do you start big school?
Mia: Next year.
Bluey: Are you nervous about big school?
Scene: Mia's smile slightly drops into a worried frown.
Mia: No, it's gonna be great!
Bluey: Ooh, can you write words?
Mia: Yeah!
Bluey: Can you write a letter to the fairies?
Mia: Okay, go for it!
Bluey: Okay, um. Dear fairies--
Scene: Mackenzie and Captain enter, alerting Bluey and Mia.
Captain: Hi!
Bluey: Aah! Ugh, Mackenzie, what are you doing here?
Mackenzie: He made me come!
Mia: Explain yourself!
Captain: Oh, I...I thought there might be some good bark here for our barky boats.
Bluey: Well, there's not, now shoo!
Mackenzie: I told you! Come on, let's go!
Mia: Bye!
Bluey: Ugh, that was close! Okay, dear fairies: Dad bought new grass, but it had ants in it, and he couldn't find the ant powder, and Mum was like 'Where'd you last have it?' He said--
Scene: Mia gets sidetracked and pulls up a piece of bark.
Mia: Oh! Look! Do you think this would make a good barky boat?
Bluey: Uhhh, I guess?
Mia: Do you just wanna just quickly give it to Mackenzie?
Bluey: No!
Mia: Come on Bluey, I'll race you!
Scene: Mia runs off, but Bluey hesitantly waits behind, worried she's leaving her behind to hang out with Captain and Mackenzie. The shot cuts back to the two other buddies, playing another round of barky boats.
Mackenzie: Keep letting the water build up!
Captain: Okay.
Mackenzie: And no running off!
Captain: Yeah, okay. I don't know what I was thinking.
Scene: Mia enters, alerting the two.
Mia: Hi!
Captain: Aah!
Scene: Captain jumps, scared by Mia's sudden appearance. causing the built-up water to flood out, splashing Mackenzie in the face.
Mackenzie: Aah!
Captain: Sorry, Mackenzie!
Scene: Bluey enters, looking annoyed.
Mackenzie: What are you doing here?!
Bluey: She made me come..
Mia: I thought you might like this barky boat?
Captain: Aw, thanks! That's a good one!
Mackenzie: It's not that good..
Bluey: It's gooder than yours!
Mackenzie: Is not!
Mia: I can find a better one!
Captain: I'll help you.
Mia: Okay!
Mia & Captain: We'll be right back!
Scene: The two run off, leaving Bluey and Mackenzie alone.
Bluey & Mackenzie: Awww...
Scene: Some time passes, Bluey and Mackenzie sulk by the barky boats pond. Just then, Calypso enters!
Calypso: Aw, Bluey! Mackenzie! Where are your buddies?
Bluey: They ran away from us!
Calypso: Oh, goodness me.
Bluey: Don't they like us?
Calypso: Of course they do! But, it can be hard being twelve years old, sometimes.
Bluey: What do you mean?
Calypso: Here, give me those barky boats. I'll show you something. Go on, hold the water back.
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie both hold the water back, causing it to build up.
Calypso: There once were two six year-old buddies floating around, nice and calm, not a care in the world! They turned seven years old, then eight years old, then nine, then ten, and eleven, and then...!
Mackenzie: I can't hold it any longer!
Bluey: Look out!
Scene: The two let go of the dam, causing the water to flood out at high speeds and for the two barky boats to go travelling down.
Calypso: Twelve! Off they went, on a big adventure! Hang on, buddies!
Bluey & Mackenzie: ' Yeah, hang on, buddies!
Calypso: They went this way, and that way...
Scene: The boats begin to drift due to the surging rush of water, with them coming close to falling out.
Mackenzie: Aah! Are they gonna make it?
Bluey: I don't know!
Scene: The barky boats continue down the canal, before finally landing in the pond at the end of the path safely.
Bluey & Mackenzie: Yeah! They made it!
Calypso: Hooray!
Bluey: And they lived happily ever after.
Calypso: Just be patient, children. Your buddies haven't forgotten you.
Bluey & Mackenzie: Okay, Calypso!
Scene: Now back with Captain and Mia, they walk into a empty part of the forest, with a fruit tree.
Mia: Maybe there's some barky boats around here.
Captain: Yeah, there usually is.
Mia: Ooh! Lillie-pillies! Let's pick some for our buddies!
Captain: Okay!
Scene: The two pick some lillie-pillies.
Captain: What's your favorite fruit?
Mia: Uhh, lychees! What's yours?
Captain: I like mangoes.
Scene: The shot cuts back to Bluey and Mackenzie. Now with Calypso gone they're back to waiting for their buddies to return.
Mackenzie: Are you going to go back to your fairy garden?
Bluey: Uh, no. It's not as much fun without my buddy.
Mackenzie: Yeah, same...Wanna play barky boats with me?
Bluey: Ooh, okay!
Mackenzie: We can race our buddies!
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie ready their barky boats.
Bluey: Ready? One, two, three, go!
Mackenzie: Wooo!
Bluey: Go, Mia!
Scene: The shot cuts to Mia and Captain, now lying on the forest floor, resting under the sun.
Mia: Are you nervous about starting high school?
Captain: A little.
Mia: Me too...at least we'll be there together!
Scene: As the two smile and their tails wag, the shouts of their buddies can be heard in the distance.
Captain & Mia: Our buddies!
Bluey: Noo, Mia won!
Mackenzie: No she didn't, Captain won!
Bluey: No he didn't!
Mackenzie: Yes, he did!
Scene: The two blow raspberries at each other. Soon after they burst into laughter with one another. Mia and Captain run back.
Captain: We're back!
Bluey & Mackenzie: Hooray!
Mia: We're so sorry, Bluey! I don't know what happened...
Captain: We were looking for barky boats...
Mia: And went down this way, and that way and--
Captain: And we found some lillie-pillies, and then I...I don't know what happened!
Bluey: That's okay! You made it back!
Scene: Bluey hugs Mia, and Mackenzie does a fist-bump with Captain.
Mia: Come on Bluey, let's finish the fairy letter!
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Before Bluey goes to hop on Mia's back, ready to leave for the fairy garden again, she stops and looks over to Mackenzie and Captain. She runs over to hug Mackenzie.
Bluey: See 'ya, Mackenzie!
Mackenzie: See 'ya, Bluey!
The Pups: Bye!
Scene: Bluey and Mia leave. Meanwhile, Mackenzie and Captain run back to the barky boats pond.
Captain: Alright, come on! Let's do the biggest dam ever!
Mackenzie: Yeah!
Scene: The shot cuts back to Bluey and Mia. The fairy garden is complete, and Mia is ready to continue with Bluey's letter to the fairies.
Mia: Okay, ready Bluey!
Bluey: Dear fairies: Dad bought new grass. It had ants! I love my buddy Mia, cause she can do the splits, and she gives me piggybacks.
Mia: Oh, I love giving you piggybacks!
Bluey: Please get the ants out of Dad's grass, and also look after Mia when she goes to big school, even though she isn't scared.
Scene: Mia stops writing, and begins tearing up at Bluey's words and the feeling that she is heading off to high school soon.
Bluey: And make sure she doesn't forget to come and play with me. Kiss kiss kiss, hug hug h-
Scene: Mia hugs Bluey, with Bluey smiling in return.
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: The credits music is a complete and climactic rendition of the episode's soundtrack.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: (This episode starts outside with Chilli doing a stretching pose, with hands and feet on the ground, and Bandit fixing the car. The kids wait for him beside their mum as the latter plays a game with them.)
Chilli: Ah, what a nice sunny day.
Bluey, Bingo: Ah, nice and sunny!
Chilli: Uh-oh, problem. It's raining!
Bluey, Bingo: (panicking) Arggh!!!
Chilli: Quick, get under the mumbrella.
Bluey & Bingo: Arggh!!! (run below their mum)
Chilli: Phew, nice and dry. Oh, no, the mumbrella's blowing away! (moves away from the kids)
Scene: (Kids giggle as they run back under the mumbrella)
Chilli: Phew. Nice and dry...! (moves away again)
Scene: (Kids squeal as they once again try to run back under their mum)
Bandit: (finished fixing the car) Alright. Bluey, let's go.
Bluey: (runs into the car and gets in) See ya, Mum. See ya, Bingo.
Chilli & Bingo: See ya. Have fun.
Bingo: Can you play with me until Bluey gets back from Chloe's house?
Chilli: I can't, honey. There's a problem with the toilet. It won't flush. Mum has to fix it.
Bingo: But who am I going to play with?
Chilli: You're gonna play with Bingo.
Bingo: Oh, yeah!
The title card is animated: It shows Bingo looking at us and audibly giggles.
Chilli: Okay, Mum's gotta get to it. You go play by yourself. (begins fixing the toilet)
Bingo: Okay! (begins running off, then stops) Oh, one problem.
Chilli: Oh, yeah, what's that?
Bingo: I don't know how to play by myself.
Chilli: Yeah, you do, sweetie. You're just not used to it. Give it a go.
Bingo: Okay, Mama.
Scene: (Bingo runs off and enters the playroom, doing a small dance)
Bingo: Doo, doo, dee-doo, dee-doo... What am I gonna do-? (sees a small area in the playroom where she usually plays doctor) Oh, I'll play doctor!
Scene: (Scene cuts to the same area, now a doctor's office, with Bingo wearing a stethoscope)
Bingo: Next patient!
Scene: (Scene cuts to the rest of the room, with set up chairs and no patient)
Bingo: Oh, yeah, this won't work.
Scene: (Scene cuts to the central rug, Bingo skips in)
Bingo: Dee-doo, doo, doo... (thinks of another game) Hmm... Ooh, I know! I spy with my little eye, something coloured... green. (realizes) Oh, wait, this won't work either. (appears to look at us) It was rug, by the way.
Scene: (Scene cuts to the balcony)
Bingo: (skips in) Dee-doo, doo, dee-doo... Hmm, maybe I can play a railings game.
Scene: (Meanwhile at the toilet)
Chilli: (working with a few parts in the toilet cistern) What if I lift you up a bit?
Bingo: Mum, problem!
Scene: (Chilli goes to see Bingo. She has her foot stuck on a railing.)
Bingo: It happened again.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo, I told you. Don't put your legs in the railing.
Bingo: Sorry, Mama.
Chilli: Turn it. (Bingo moves her foot a bit and has it freed with help of her mum) Yep, there you go.
Bingo: I'm having a problem getting started.
Chilli: Maybe you're just hungry.
Bingo: Oh, yeah!
Scene: (Scene cuts to interior of fridge, where we see Bingo opening it)
Bingo: Ooh, raspberries and blueberries. Which one do I want? Raspberries or blueberries? Hmm...
Scene: (FRIDGE BEEPS)
Bingo: Hey. Do you mind, fridge? I'm trying to decide. Now, raspberries or...
Scene: (FRIDGE BEEPS)
Bingo: Hey! So rude! Maybe if I open then shut you. Shut. (closes fridge door) Open. (opens door) OK, now...
Scene: (FRIDGE BEEPS)
Bingo: (annoyed) Oh, that's it, fridge. I'm leaving! (closes door, after a while returns to open it) Oh, but I'm really hungry. Okay, I'm just gonna close my eyes and choose. (does so as she moves her hand around. When she opens her eyes, her hand lands on...) Blueberries! (picks up box of blueberries)
Scene: (FRIDGE BEEPS)
Bingo: Okay, Okay! (closes fridge door)
Scene: Scene cuts to the balcony. Bingo sits on its bench holding a blueberry. There is also a single blueberry on the plate on its table.
Bingo: (talking to blueberry) I'm going to eat you. (chomps down blueberry) Alright, I'm not hungry anymore. (thinks) Now, what's a game that only needs Bingo? Ooh, I know. (giggles as she runs off)
Scene: (At the toilet)
Chilli: (frantically presses flush button) Why won't you flush?!
Scene: (DOOR CLOSES)
Chilli: Bingo?
Bingo: Yes?
Chilli: Are you OK?
Bingo: Yes!
Chilli: What are you doing?
Bingo: I'm hiding!
Chilli: Oh, Okay. (presses button again, then realizes something)
Chilli: Why are you hiding?
Bingo: I'm playing hide and seek.
Chilli: Right... Who's coming to find you?
Scene: (beat)
Bingo: (realizing) Oh!
Scene: (Chilli lightly shakes her head and goes to find her daughter. She finds Bingo sitting in the playroom closet. Bingo sees her and moves closer as her mum gets a bit lower to hug her.)
Bingo: I just miss my sister.
Chilli: I know.
Bingo: And the fridge doesn't like me.
Chilli: I... know? (confused)
Scene: Scene returns to toilet. Bingo walks behind her mum as she goes back to fixing it.
Bingo: Are you sure you can't play with me just a little bit?
Chilli: No, honey, I have to fix the toilet.
Bingo: But that's not fun.
Chilli: It's fun for me. I like a good problem.
Bingo: Maybe I need a good problem.
Chilli: Ahh, that's it, Bingo! You don't need a game. You need a problem.
Bingo: Ooh!
Bandit: I'm back.
Scene: (Bandit walks in. He steps on a broken tile.)
Chilli: Dad, do you have a good problem for Bingo?
Bandit: Well, yeah, I do, actually.
Bingo: Ooh, what is it?
Bandit: Well, on the way to Chloe's, Bluey wanted to know what colour Kiwis were.
Bingo: The fruit? They're green.
Bandit: No, the little furry animal that lives in New Zealand.
Chilli: Hmm, that is a tricky one.
Bandit: Yeah, I had no idea.
Chilli: Do you know, Bingo?
Bingo: No, but I know how to find out. (runs off)
Chilli: Thanks.
Bandit: No problem.
Chilli: Can you fix that tile for me?
Scene: (Bingo grabs a puzzle on the play room)
Bingo: World map puzzle! (runs back to in front of the toilet as she dumps all the pieces on the floor) Okay, all the blue bits here and red bits here.
Bandit: (tries to align the loose tile in place) Nice and straight, Bandit. Nice and straight.
Chilli: (continues fixing the toilet) This bit goes here, which means that bit can do that.
Scene: (Scene goes to a time lapse of the puzzle. It ends when all but one piece are in place.)
Bingo: Finished! (looks again) Wait, not finished. I'm missing a piece.
Chilli: Oh, yeah. You're missing New Zealand.
Bandit: Oh, not again.
Bingo: No problem, I can find it. Where are you, New Zealand? New Zealand? (Bingo turns around to find it. The missing piece is actually on her bottom) I know. I'll draw missing posters for New Zealand.
Scene: (Scene cuts to the playroom where Bingo has finished drawing several missing posters)
Bingo: Finished!
Scene: (Bingo then goes around the house sticking the posters in as many places as possible. First on the verandah railing, then on the glass playroom door.  She puts her mouth on the glass and blows, inflating her cheeks to make a funny face. She sticks a poster on the front steps, where she sees something.  She hides behind the birdbath.  A postie arrives on his motorbike, and puts a letter in the letterbox.  Bingo runs towards him, yapping. Frightened, he rides away, much to Bingo's amusement. The scene cuts back into the fridge interior, where Bingo tries to talk with the fridge.)
Bingo: Hello, fridge. I want to stick a New Zealand poster on you. Beep twice if we can be friends.
Scene: (FRIDGE BEEPS TWICE)
Bingo: Thanks, fridge. (closes door and sticks poster on it)
Scene: (Bingo runs back to the balcony where she ate some blueberries, and sticks the last poster there. The last blueberry is moving, and she takes a closer look.  In extreme close up, a single ant is trying to carry the blueberry away.  Bingo's huge, detailed face looms over it.)
Bingo: Oh, little anty. You're trying to carry that food all by yourself.
Scene: (The shot changes back to normal.  Bingo gives the ant a thumbs up.)
Bingo: Well, keep going, little fella. (runs back to her almost complete puzzle) Okay, the posters are all up. New Zealand will show up very soon.
Chilli: (imitating a Kiwi accent) Sweet as, Bingo.
Bandit: I'm almost finished. You want me to play with you?
Bingo: No, thanks. I'm OK.
Scene: (Chilli smiles in reaction to this. Meanwhile, the scene cuts to outside of the house. Bluey gets dropped off home by Chloe's car.)
Bluey: See ya, Chloe! (finds one of Bingo's missing poster) Huh? (runs in to find her family) I'm back. (gives Bingo a big hug as the latter giggles)
Chilli & Bandit: Hey, Bluey!
Bluey: Bingo, you're missing a puzzle piece! (shows poster to her)
Bingo: Yeah, New Zealand. Have you seen it?
Bluey: It's on your bum.
Bingo: (looks at it) Oh! (giggles as she pick it up)
Chilli & Bandit: Oh, Bingo.
Bingo: The posters worked.
Scene: (Thus Bingo puts the last piece on the puzzle. She then shows the end product to her sister and dad.)
Bingo: Look, Bluey.
Scene: (Bluey gasps)
Bluey: Dad, kiwis are brown!
Bandit, Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: (Just so, we hear the toilet flushing. Chilli is then joined by the rest of the family as they run in.)
Chilli: It works!
All: Hooray!
Bandit: Thanks, Mum.
Bluey: Thanks, Bingo.
Chilli & Bingo: (looking at each other) No problem.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: (This episode starts at the upstairs balcony, where Bandit and Chilli are playing a game and Bluey is eating edamame beans. Pause as Bandit and Chilli contemplate their next move.)
Bandit: You know it's your turn?
Chilli: Yes, I know!
Bandit: Just checking.
Chilli: (sighing) Why do I always lose?
Bandit: You gotta play the long game.
Scene: (Bingo hops into frame and bumps into the table, knocking some of the game pieces over. Bandit sighs in exasperation and readjusts them.)
Bingo: Mum, can I have some of the pavlova that's in the fridge?
Chilli: No.
Bingo: Aw, but I'm hungry!
Chilli: Well, then have some edamame beans.
Bingo: Eda-whaty what?
Chilli: Edamame beans.
Bluey: They're from the sushi train. (pops a bean pod) Pop. (shows it to Bingo) They're yummy.
Bingo: No, thanks. I don't want an endamawie bean.
Chilli: You don't even wanna try it?
Bingo: Uh-uh.
Chilli: Well, then you can't be hungry.
Bingo: Aw!
Bluey: Ooh, Bingo, I know. Do you want to play café with me?
Bingo: No. I just want some pavlova.
Bluey: Well, then I really think you should come play café with me.
Scene: (She winks slowly at her sister.)
Bingo: Ooh, OK.
Scene: (The kids giggle as they hop off.)
Chilli: You'd better get on that.
Bandit: On it.
Scene: (Cue title card.)
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called... PAVLOVA!
Scene: (In the kitchen, the girls set up their café. Bluey sets the carpet on the counter, Bingo draws a slice of pavlova, and Bluey tapes the drawing. Bingo comes in as Bluey sets up a cashier on the counter.)
Bluey: (clears throat) Hello.
Bingo: Hello.
Bluey: Would you like to come to my café?
Bingo: Why, yes, I would. (giggles)
Scene: (Bluey hands Bingo the drawing.)
Bluey: Please look at our menu and let me know what you want.
Scene: (It's pavlova.)
Bingo: Hmm... Pavlova, please.
Bluey: Certainly!
Scene: (She walks over to the fridge, not knowing that Bandit, now in full chef gear and now holding a frying pan and a spoon, is blocking the way.)
Bluey: That will be ready in a jiffy.
Scene: (She bumps into Bandit.)
Bluey: Hey. Oh, uh, excuse me.
Bandit: Bonjour. (Hello.)
Bluey: Huh?
Bandit: (tapping his utensils together) Bonjour! (Hello.)
Bingo: I think he wants to be the chef.
Bluey: Uh, no, Dad, we don't need you as chef. You can go back outside and play the game with the little men.
Scene: (Bluey finds herself blocked by Bandit, who really insists that he wants to be chef. Bluey tries to push him off, to no avail.)
Bluey: Okay, fine! You can work here.
Bandit: Supér! (Hooray!)
Bluey: I need you to get one piece of pavlova.
Bandit: Pav...lova?
Bluey: Yeah, pavlova! From the fridge!
Scene: (Bandit instead takes a magnet and hands it to her.)
Bandit: Pavlova?
Bluey: (giggles) No, that's a magnet! In the fridge!
Scene: (Bluey opens the fridge.)
Bluey: See?
Bandit: Ah-ha! Pavlova.
Bluey: Yes, pavlova. Give to customer.
Bandit: Bonjour. (Hello.) (he gives two thumbs up)
Scene: (Bluey narrows her eyes at the chef. She is soon led away by the chef.)
Bandit: Bonjour! Bonjour! (Hello! Hello!)
Bluey: Sorry about this, customer. Your pavlova will be right out. Our new chef is just getting it.
Scene: (Indeed, Bandit has arrived with the pavlo- edmadame beans.)
Bandit: (clears throat) Bonjour, pavlova! (Hello, pavlova!)
Scene: (He sets the pavlova on the counter.)
Bluey: Hey!
Bingo: This isn't pavlova!
Bluey: Yeah, this isn't pavlova!
Bandit: Je suis le chien! (I am the dog!)
Bluey: These are edma-damee beans!
Bandit: Euh, oui? (uh, yes?)
Bluey: Edna-damee beans!
Bandit: Où est la discothèque?! (Where is the disco?)
Scene: (Back at the fridge...)
Bluey: (pointing to the pavlova) I was pointing there, see? Pavlova!
Bandit: Ah. Gare du Nord![1] Pavlova!
Bluey: Yes!
Bandit: (pointing to the beans) Beans.
Bluey: Yes. That's beans. But we don't want beans. We want pavlova. OK?
Bandit: C'est bon. (That's alright)
Scene: (Bluey narrows her eyes again. She returns to the counter.)
Bluey: (sighing in annoyance) So sorry, customer. He's new.
Bingo: (giggling) That's OK.
Scene: (Bandit now returns with the plate of pav. For real life, this time.)
Bandit: C'est combien pavlova! (How much pavlova is!)
Bingo: (squealing and giggling)
Scene: (Well, not for real life. There is no pav.)
Bluey: What?! Where's the pavlova?!
Bandit: Écoutez! (Listen!) Pavlova.
Scene: (The pavlova is small - or rather it's a crumb.)
Bingo: (giggles) That's a crumb!
Bluey: (groaning in further annoyance) It's too small!
Bandit: Où est mon passeport?! (Where is my passport?!)
Scene: (Bluey hands the plate back to him.)
Bluey: Go back and get a piece that's this big. (showing it physically with her arms) See? THIS big!
Bandit: (rolling his eyes) Oh, bonjour! (Hello!)
Bluey: Please, bear with me.
Bingo: Hehe, that's OK.
Scene: (Now Bandit returns with a proper slice of pav.)
Bandit: Bonjour pavlova. (Hello pavlova.) (He pulls out a tape measure and measures the length of the slice) ...où la discothèque? (Or the disco?)
Bluey: Yes. Thank you. It's a good size.
Scene: (Bandit lets the tape measure wind itself back. He offers a spoon to Bingo.)
Bandit: Bonjour. (Hello.)
Bingo: Thank you.
Scene: (Bingo is finally about to eat her first slice of pavl- Bandit pulls out a tomato sauce and squirts it all over the pav before Bingo could eat it. Oops.)
Bluey and Bingo: Ah... WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
Bandit: Je veux la fenêtre! (I want the window!)
Bluey: You don't put tomato sauce on pavlova!
Bandit: Je veux la fenêtre. (I want the window.)
Bluey: That's it. (hops off the stool) You're outta here.
Bandit: Oh, bonjour?! (Oh, hello?!)
Bluey: Out!
Scene: (Now fired, Bandit tosses down his chef hat and storms away.)
Bandit: Oh, bonjour! Un champ pour deux poissons! (Oh, hello! A field for two fish!)
Scene: (Bluey returns to the table, chef hat on her head.)
Bluey: I know exactly what he was trying to do - he was trying to stop YOU from eating pavlova.
Bingo: (giggling) I like his funny talk.
Bluey: Well, he can funny-talk somewhere else! I've got a café to run. Now, let me sort out that pavlova.
(Bluey picks up the tomato-lova and sauce bottle; she enters the fridge and eyes the pav: )
Bluey: Bonjour! (Hello.)
Scene: (Bluey returns with the entire pav as...)
Bingo: Psst! Bluey!
Bluey: Yeah?
Scene: (Bingo points towards something - which is Bandit setting up his own café using the dining table.)
Bandit: (humming) Où est la discothèque? (Where is the disco?)
Bluey: Hey! You can't open a café right next to mine!
Bandit: A-bonjour! (Hello.)
Scene: (Bingo gets off the high stool and starts walking towards the Bandit café.)
Bluey: Where are you going?
Bingo: I just want to see the menu.
Bluey: Well, don't be long. Your pavlova's coming.
Scene: (Bingo enters.)
Bandit: Au revoir! (Goodbye!)
Bingo: Can I see a menu, please?
Bandit: Mercredi! (Wednesday.)
(He hands her the menu - today's special: edamame beans.)
Bluey: What's it got on it?
Bingo: It's only got endabolly beans.
Bluey: Ha! Well, she doesn't want them. She wants pavlova.
Bandit: Oh-ho! (showing the technique) No-ho-ho. Mmm. Uh-huh. Oh, ouais. Ouais, ouais, ouais... (Mmm. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. Yeah yeah yeah...)
Bingo: I think he's saying he puts some lovely things on them to make them taste nice.
Bandit: A-bonjour. (Oh, Hello.)
Bingo: Um...it's just that... I really think I want pavlova.
Scene: (Bandit is now downcast.)
Bandit: Aw... Très bon. (Aw. Very good)
Scene: (Beat - Bingo notices the saddened expression on Bandit's face and compromises...)
Bingo: Well... you can make me some endamommy beans, if you want.
Bandit: Très malade! (Very sick!)
Scene: (He starts to get off the chair-)
Bingo: But I get to choose if I want to eat them or the pavlova.
Scene: (Now he knows.)
Bandit: Hmm...
Bingo: It's just... I don't like it when you make me eat something.
Bandit: Mon petit chou à la crème. (My little cream puff.)
Bluey: It's a café competition! I'm gonna get the sprinkles.
Scene: (Bingo is excited, for her tail wags to and fro! Cue montage of the two preparing their dishes - Bluey adds more fruit into the pav, Bandit pops an edamame pod, and the wayward bean boops Bluey on her nose before it falls into the pav...)
Bluey: Hey!
Scene: (Bingo giggles as Bluey once again narrows her eyes at Bandit.)
Bandit: Oh, bonjour. (Oh, Hello.)
Bingo: Can I help?
Scene: (He hands her the plate of bean pods.)
Bandit: Je suis désolé. (I am sorry.)
Bingo: Pop!
Scene: (She pops the bean, and Bandit catches it in a pan.)
Bingo: Hooray!
Bandit: Saint-Tropez![2]
Scene: (Bluey adds sprinkles to a slice, and Bandit salt. Bluey adds a finishing touch...)
Bluey: Ready!
Scene: (...and Bandit lemons.)
Bandit: Bonjour. (Hello.)
Scene: (Bingo now takes a hard look at her options - Bluey's slice, or Bandit's beans.)
Bingo: Hmm... Hmm... OK. I've decided. Pavlova!
Bluey: Hooray!
Bandit: C'est croissant, s'il vous plait! (It's croissant, please!)
Scene: (Bingo returns to her seat.)
Bingo: So... I can eat this?
Bandit: Bonjour. (Hello.)
Scene: (He hands her two thumbs-up once again. Bingo giggles as she finally tastes her first slice of pav - and she enjoys it! Bandit turns to Bluey...)
Bandit: Tu es une morve. (You are a snot)
Scene: (He shakes hands with Bluey.)
Bluey: Thank you.
Chilli: You know he just called you a booger?
Bluey: What?! How very dare you?!
Bandit: Comment allez-vous? (How are you doing?!)
Scene: (Bandit runs off, with Bluey in hot pursuit. Chilli looks at her youngest, finishing up the pav.)
Bingo: Dad said I could!
Chilli: I know. I guess I have to trust he knows what he's doing.
(Speaking of Bandit, let's check up on him: he's still being chased by Bluey.)
Bandit: Oh... Je suis un chien! (Oh... I am the dog!)
Bluey: How dare you call me a booger!
Bingo: Yum. (picks up a pod) Hey, Mum, look at this. Pop.
Scene: (She pops an edamame bean pod, and a bean flies into the plate.)
Chilli: Whoa! (laughing) Good shot. Come on, let's find your dad. It's his turn.
Bingo: OK, Mama.
Scene: (Bingo gets off the table, beat - she comes back to the table, then tries the edamame bean.)
Bingo: Mmm...!
Scene: (CREDIT ROLL)
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Theme song]
Scene: The episode opens with Bluey, Bandit, Bingo and Chilli playing Pop Up Croc in their living room. It is Bluey's turn, and she carefully puts a crocodile into one of the bowl's sides as her family anxiously watch on.
Bluey: Ehh... easy...
Bingo: Eh, Bluey, be safe!
Scene: Bluey puts her crocodile into the bowl's side, but the person pops up when she does so, shocking the family.
All: Aah!
Scene: Everyone except for Bluey laughs.
Bluey: Aww, not fair!
Bandit: How good's Pop Up Croc?
Scene: Bluey puts the person back into the bowl.
Bluey: Again!
Chilli: No, upstairs for bedtime.
Scene: Bluey immediately runs outside, yelling. Bingo follows her, giggling.
Bandit: Oh, here we go.
Scene: Bluey runs outside, still yelling, as fruit bats fly off into the night. Bluey and Bingo stop and watch them.
Bluey and Bingo: Ooh!
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called: Fruitbat!
Scene: Bandit walks outside to the kids, holding a rugby ball.
Bandit: Alright, say goodnight to the animals. Goodnight, frogs!
Bingo: Night, kangaroos. Night, bilbies.
Bandit: Night, fruit bats!
Bingo: No, not night fruit bats. They don't sleep at night. They're octurnal.
Bandit: Good knowledge, kid.
Bluey: You mean fruit bats don't need to go to bed now?
Bandit: No.
Scene: He kicks the ball off into the yard.
Bandit: But you do. Come on, bedtime.
Scene: Bandit and Bingo go to walk back inside.
Bluey: I wish I was a fruit bat.
Bandit: Well, fruit bats don't get to do rocket ship.
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah, rocket ship!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run inside the house. Cut to Bandit holding Bluey and Bingo at the bottom of the stairs as a part of playing rocket ship.
Bingo: Ok, helmets.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo mime putting on helmets as Bluey makes a putting-on-helmet sound.
Bluey: Seatbelts!
Scene: They mime putting on seatbelts.
Bluey and Bingo: Click!
Bingo: Close the door.
Scene: They both mime closing the door.
Bluey: Clunk.
Bingo [overlapping]: Click.
Bluey: Ok, push the button!
Scene: They both mime pushing a button on Bandit's chest.
Bluey and Bingo: Boop!
Scene: Bandit mimics the noise of a rocket taking off, running up the stairs and taking a giggling Bluey and Bingo with him. Bandit lands outside the bathroom.
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: Ok, shower time.
Scene: Bandit lets Bingo down and she runs into the bathroom, but Bluey clings tightly to him.
Bluey: No, more rocket ship! I don't need a shower.
Bandit: Yeah, you do, ya grub.
Scene: Bandit sniffs Bluey and is disgusted by the smell.
Bandit: Poahh!
Scene: He puts Bluey down.
Bluey: Not fair. I bet fruit bats don't have to have showers.
Bandit: Well, then they wouldn't get to play penguins.
Bluey: Yeah, penguins!
Scene: Bluey runs into the bathroom.
(Note: The scene that follows is cut from international versions of the episode due to the penguin game - which involves Bluey sliding on water on the bathroom floor - being considered too dangerous for kids.)
Scene: Bluey takes a mug and pours water on the floor. She then slides around on the floor like a penguin while Bingo is showering with an umbrella and wiping her hand on the misted glass.
Bluey: Whee!
Scene: Chilli walks in.
Chilli: Teeth time.
Bluey: Mum! Look, I'm a penguin!
Scene: Bluey slides around some more.
Bluey: Whee!
Chilli: Oh, whackadoo!
Scene: Later, Bingo is on the toilet while reading a book.
Bingo: Even though I don't really need to do a wee, I'm going to do one anyway, otherwise I might wet the bed.
Scene: Bandit is just outside the toilet, drying Bluey while she is brushing her teeth.
Bandit: That's very clever, Bingo.
Bingo: It's called a tactical wee.
Bluey: Not fair. I wanna stay up like the fruit bat.
Bandit: Well, when the fruit bats go to the toilet, they do it hanging upside down, so the wee just runs all over them!
Scene: Bandit tickles Bluey.
Bandit: Blech!
Bluey: Ugh! I'd love that!
Bandit: I bet you would, you little grub!
Scene: Later, in the kids' bedroom, Bluey is jumping on her bed and flapping her arms like a fruit bat. Chilli is brushing Bingo's fur on the other bed.
Bluey: Eee! Eee!
Scene: Bluey lands on the floor as Bandit comes in with a book.
Bandit: Come on, that's a daytime game.
Bluey: Aww, I just wanna be a fruit bat.
Bandit: Yeah, yeah, I know. But fruit bats don't get to play the story game, where I tell a story but pretend to fall asleep.
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Cut to Bandit in Bluey's bed, reading a story to Bluey and Bingo, who are lying either side of him.
Bandit: So, the little puppy peeked in the window, and on the table was the most beautiful-
Scene: Bandit pretends to fall asleep, snoring. Bingo and Bluey giggle, then shake him awake.
Bluey and Bingo: Wake up!
Bandit: (snorts awake) Huh? What? What? Oh, sorry. I think I must have just dozed off. Now, where was I? Oh yeah... the most beautiful golden egg she'd ever seen. So she climbed inside, but out jumped a huge, hairy-
Scene: Bandit pretends to fall asleep again, snoring. Bingo and Bluey giggle.
Bluey and Bingo: Wake up!
Bandit: (snorts awake) Spider!
Scene: Bingo and Bluey giggle more. Later, Bandit and Chilli are saying goodnight to the kids. Chilli kisses Bingo.
Bluey: Aww, I'm not tired.
Chilli: I know. Just try, Ok?
Bluey: It's not fair.
Chilli: Night, Bluey.
Scene: Bluey tries going to sleep, but she can't. She groans and wriggles and kicks the bedsheets off her.
Bluey: Ugh! I can't fall asleep! Psst, Bingo, are you awake?
Scene: Cut to Bingo, fast asleep and starfishing in her bed, separate from all her sheets and her pillow.
Bluey: Hmmph!
Scene: In the living room, Bandit is fast asleep on the floor with the rugby ball. Chilli is putting tape on her hockey stick when she hears the stairs creak. She looks up and sees Bluey on top of the staircase.
Chilli: Bluey!
Scene: Bluey walks down to Chilli.
Chilli: What am I gonna do with you, hey?
Bluey: Let me stay up?
Chilli: Ehh...
Scene: Bluey sees Bandit, who starts moving around while in his sleep, grapppling with the ball. Bluey giggles.
Bluey: What's Dad doing?
Chilli: Hmm. I'd say he's dreaming about playing touch football with his mates.
Bluey: Really?
Chilli: Yeah. He doesn't get to play that much anymore, so he keeps having dreams about it.
Bluey: Why doesn't he get to play it for real life?
Chilli: Well, he's busy, sweetheart. Busy working and looking after you two.
Bluey: Oh.
Scene: Bandit puts the ball down and starts cheering in his sleep.
Bluey: Oh, look! Did he just score a try?
Chilli: I think he did.
Scene: Bluey giggles, then realises.
Bluey: Ooh, maybe I can dream about being a fruit bat.
Chilli: Well, you could give it a go.
Scene: Bluey runs back up the stairs to her bedroom.
Bluey: Night, Mum!
Chilli: Oh. Ok. Night, honey.
Scene: Later, Bluey is back in her bed, still trying to fall asleep.
Bluey: Come on! Come on! (groans) Dream about being a fruit bat!
Scene: Bluey opens her eyes to find out she's still awake, and groans in annoyance. In the living room, Chilli is putting a huge crocodile in an even bigger Pop Up Croc bowl as Bluey walks down the stairs - confirming that Bluey is now dreaming.
Bluey: It didn't work.
Chilli: Oh well, you tried.
Bluey: Where'd Dad go?
Chilli: He's outside.
Scene: Bluey heads out onto the verandah.
Bluey: Dad!
Scene: Bluey looks up at the sky, then starts flapping her arms like wings and flies up to join some fruit bats in the night sky.
Bluey: Dad! Dad!
Scene: Bluey flies through the suburb, past Mackenzie's house where he is sleeping in his bed, then lands in a mango tree and hangs upside down on the branches while eating one. She does the same with a papaya tree, a banana tree, and a guava tree. She burps, then hears Bandit's voice.
Bandit [from a distance]: Mine!
Scene: Bluey flies over to see Bandit playing touch football with Rocky, Stripe, Pat, Mackenzies Dad, and another dog - just as Chilli told her earlier. She hangs upside down on some stadium lights and watches Bandit play.
Pat [offscreen]: Bandit!
Bandit: Yes mate, yes mate, yes mate!
'Mackenzie's Dad' [offscreen]: Kick it!
Pat [offscreen]: Right, run!
Rocko [offscreen]: Whoa!
Scene: Bandit scores a try and celebrates.
All: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey calls to Bandit from the light.
Bluey: Hey, Dad!
Bandit: Hey, Bluey! You're a fruit bat!
Bluey: Yeah!
Bandit: How is it?
Bluey: It's great! You get to eat a lot of fruit!
Bandit: Ha! I bet! Hey, did you see my try?
Bluey: Yeah, I did!
Bandit: How good was it!
Bluey: So good.
Scene: Bandit turns to Pat and Mackenzie's Dad.
Bandit: There's plenty more where that came from!
Scene: Mackenzie's Dad elbows Bandit playfully as Pat throws the ball over to Bandit.
Mackenzie's Dad: Ha ha, ya reckon?
Pat [overlapping]: Yeah, sure.
Bandit: Yeah, I do!
Scene: Bandit elbows Mackenzie's Dad back. Pat laughs.
Mackenzie's Dad: Oh, righto.
Scene: Pat and Mackenzie's Dad walk off.
Bandit: Alright, see ya Bluey.
Scene: He runs after his mates.
Bandit: Come on, let's do this!
Bluey: See ya, Dad!
Scene: Bluey flies off, upwards and in front of the moon. One of the clouds then transitions back to Bluey's bed, where it is now the next morning. Bluey wakes up.
Bluey: Wow!
Scene: In the kitchen, Bandit is doing sit-ups while Chilli and Bingo are having fruit salad. Bluey walks in.
Bluey: Hi!
Chilli: 7 o'clock? That was a big sleep.
Bluey: I had the most amazing dream.
Scene: Bandit picks up Bluey and starts bench pressing her.
Bandit: One, two, three...
Bluey: Dad?
Bandit: ...four, five, six... Yes, mate? ...seven...
Bluey: Thanks for looking after us.
Bandit: ...eight, nine, ten!
Scene: Bandit puts Bluey down on him and touches her nose.
Bandit: You're welcome.
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Chilli: I've got your favourite, Bluey. Fruit salad!
Bluey: Yuck! No more fruit. Just some toast, please.
Scene: Chilli and Bingo are surprised with Bluey's response. They look at each other.
Bingo: (hums I don't know)
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - a piano-based tune with vocals. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Theme Song]
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler house. Bluey is humming to herself as she sits in the playroom with her toy Polly Puppy.
Bluey: Today, Polly, the cousins are coming over. Mum and Aunt Trixie are gonna play hockey. (whisper) That means we can play horsey with Dad and Uncle Stripe. (holds up Polly) Is that gonna be fun? (as Polly) Yeah, I think so. (as herself) Oh, good Polly Puppy.
Scene: She hugs Polly. The doorbell rings.
Muffin: (offscreen, distantly yelling past the door) Bluey!
Scene: The doorbell keeps being rung repeatedly.
Bluey: They're here!
Scene: Bluey runs to the door, Polly Puppy still in hand, giggling. She only manages to open the door a small crack before Chilli pushes it back shut with her field hockey stick. The doorbell is still being rung. Although muffled, Muffin yelling Bluey! Open the door! and Socks howling can be heard.
Chilli: Bluey, last time the cousins visited, you got upset because they spilled passionfruit all over Polly Puppy.
Bluey: Oh yeah, I better put her away.
Chilli: 'Cause she's your special puppy.
Bluey: Yes, I'll put her in my room.
Scene: Bluey runs towards the stairs as Bandit and Bingo approach.
Bandit: Oh, there's my watermelon!
Scene: Bandit picks up Bluey, holding her horizontally as he pretends to nibble her stomach. Bluey screams as Polly Puppy flies out of her hands and lands on the floor.
Bandit: Nom nom nom nom!
Scene: The camera briefly zooms in on the abandoned Polly Puppy before transitioning back to the entry hall as Bandit sets Bluey back to the ground. Stripe, Muffin, and Trixie carrying Socks have now entered. Muffin is wearing thongs/sandals.
Trixie: G'day, Bingo. G'day, Bluey. Hello, Bandit.
Bluey and Bingo: Hi.
Stripe: (playfully pointing finger guns) Hey kids, how're ya goin'? (waves to Bandit) Hey brother.
Bandit: (waves back) Hey.
Trixie: (looks down at Muffin) Ooh, show Aunt Chilli your thongs, Muffin.
Muffin: Aunt Chilli, I'm wearing thongs! (raises her left foot and points to it)
Chilli: Oh, great! Hello, Socks.
Scene: Chilli reaches a finger towards Socks, who, growling, nips at it. Chilli recoils with a yelp as Socks, yipping, squirms out of Trixie's arms and runs off. Still barking, she stops near the stairwell where she find the dropped Polly Puppy toy, jumping on and starting to chew on it.
Scene: The scene switches back to the entry hall as Trixie and Chilli are leaving the house.
Chilli: Okay kids, Aunt Trix and I are off to play hockey. Have fun with Dad and Uncle Stripe.
Scene: Muffin and Bingo look back smiling as the two dads start to look concerned. Their attention is drawn back as all three kids return Trixie and Chilli's wave.
Trixie: See ya, kids. (muttered under her breath to Chilli) Quick, let's get out of here.
Bluey and Bandit: Bye!
Stripe: (in sync with Bluey and Bandit) See ya!
Bingo: See ya later!
Scene: As Trixie and Chilli leave, Bandit kneels down to the girls' level.
Bandit: All right, girls, who wants to sit on the couch and watch cricket?!
Bluey: (shouting) Noooo!
Bingo and Muffin: Not me!
Muffin: No way!
Bluey: Let's play horsey ride!
All kids: Yeah!
Scene: As the kids run off giggling, Bandit and Stripe sigh defeatedly.
Stripe: Well, we gave it a shot.
Bingo [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called:
Bluey [voiceover]: Horsey Ride!
Scene: The scene transitions to the backyard, where Bluey is leading Stripe and Bandit, who are crawling along the ground on all fours, by a jump rope they are holding in their mouths. Muffin is riding on top of Stripe and Bingo is on top of Bandit. Both riders are giggling.
Bluey: Giddyup, Sparkles! (waves the jump rope)
Scene: Stripe, playing Sparkles, neighs.
Bluey: Giddyup, Gallahop! (waves the jump rope again)
Scene: Bandit, playing Gallahop, neighs, snorts, and clicks his tongue. The two horses stop right before the steps to the tiled patio. Sparkles neighs again and Gallahop lets out a nicker.
Bluey: (waves the jump rope again) Come on, horsies. Giddyup! (another wave of the rope)
Scene: Sparkles and Gallahop both nicker in protest.
Muffin: (kicks Sparkles's side) When I do this, it means giddyup!
All kids: Giddyup!
Scene: Both horses nicker in protest as Bluey leads them up the stairs. As they walk along the patio, they break character with pained grunts.
Bluey: Horsies love tiles.
Scene: The horses stop.
Muffin: (patting Sparkles's head) Sparkles needs more sparkles on her.
Bluey: Ooh, I'll get some glitter. (drops the jump rope and runs off)
Scene: Sparkles neighs in distress as Gallahop gives a laughing neigh at her misfortune.
Scene: The scene transitions back to the playroom, where Socks is still growling and gnawing on Polly Puppy as Bluey runs in.
Bluey: (screaming) Aaaah! Polly Puppy!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the yard. Bingo and Muffin have dismounted, sitting back and watching as the horses butt heads with each other, whinnying.
Bluey: (crying out from off screen) Daaaad!
Scene: Cut back to the playroom as Bluey is trying to tug Polly Puppy away from Socks.
Bluey: Let go, Socks!
Scene: The rest of the Heelers enter. Bandit and Stripe are standing upright again.
Bandit: Hey, hey. Okay, chill the beans, everyone.
Scene: Bluey loses the tug of war, letting go of Polly as Socks continues to chew.
Bluey: (points accusingly at Socks) Socks won't let go of Polly Puppy! (stomps her foot)
Muffin: Socks, let Polly go. It's Bluey's special toy!
Stripe: Let me try. (kneels down to Sock's level as she growls) Hey there, Rocksocks, how about we-
Scene: As Stripe tries to reach for Polly, Socks nips at him. He recoils.
Stripe: Ow! (shrugs and steps back) Well, I'm out of ideas.
Muffin: I put all my special toys away when my cousins come over. You should've done that, Bluey.
Bandit: Good idea, Muffin.
Bluey: I was going to do that, but then you ate me like a watermelon and I got distracted.
Scene: Bandit has a concerned look of realization as Stripe glares at him.
Bandit: No point playing the blame game. We need a solution.
Bluey: Something for Socks that's even more fun than Polly Puppy.
Bingo: What about a horsey ride?
Muffin: Or two horsey rides?
Bluey: What if we had a horsey wedding?
All kids, sans Socks: Yee!
Bluey: Sparkles can marry Gallahop!
Bandit: Huh?
Bingo: And we could make confetti.
Bandit: What?
Muffin: And invite Socks!
Stripe: What was that?
All kids, sans Socks: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey, Bingo, and Muffin join hands in a circle, chanting Horsey Wedding!
Stripe: Aw, man...
Scene: The scene transitions to the backyard where the wedding venue has been set up. Six white chairs are set up, three on each side, on either side of a long argyle rug. Five out of six chairs are taken by stuffed animals and one in the front row is left open. The center rug aisle leads up to a smaller zigzag patterned rug. Bluey is sitting on a stool in front of a toy keyboard. Bingo, wearing a heart bopper headband is standing by an open cookbook. Bandit is back in horse position as Gallahop, wearing a purple top hat and a red bow tie. Bluey presses a star-shaped button as the keyboard plays a basic upbeat tune, the two sisters bobbing their heads to it.
Bluey: (into the toy microphone on the keyboard, with some feedback) Socks! We'd like to invite you to the wedding of Sparkles and Gallahop!
Scene: Socks stops gnawing on Polly Puppy, looking up curious, before returning to what she was doing.
Bluey: Hmm. Bring out Sparkles!
Scene: Bluey presses the star button again, the keyboard now playing Mendelssohn's Wedding March. Stripe, on all fours as Sparkles, is now covered in more glitter and is wearing a fluffy flowered heaband with a see-through veil dangling behind him. Muffin leads him along the rug aisle, tossing a bunch of petals in the air. Gallahop smiles as Sparkles stops by his side and Muffin takes a seat.
Bandit: I'm the luckiest horse in the world.
Muffin: Horsies can't talk.
Bingo: (clears her throat) Ladies and gentlemen, may Sparkles marry Gallahop today.
Scene: Muffin claps.
Bluey: (through the microphone) Socks! The wedding has started!
Scene: Cut back briefly to Socks still snarling and chewing on Polly Puppy.
Bluey: It's not working. Get them to say some things.
Scene: Bluey presses the star button to stop the music.
Bingo: You may now say some things.
Stripe: Uh... I'm not marrying him. He stinks.
Bandit: (gasps and fake sobs) My heart is breaking.
Muffin: I said, horsies can't talk!
Bandit: Oh, I mean... (neighs sadly)
Bluey: Let them get married!
Bingo: You may now get married.
Scene: Sparkles neighs in protest. Muffin gets up from her seat.
Muffin: She said, you now get married!
Bluey: (through the mic) You have to say I do!
Muffin: Yeah, but in horsey talk!
Scene: All three kids glaring at the couple, Bluey presses the star button again, cuing a drumroll. Gallahop nickers at Sparkles with a flirtatious look, causing Sparkles to buck up and neigh in panic. The three kids scream, Bluey falling off her stool and knocking down the keyboard, as Sparkles turns and runs the other way, knocking over chairs along the way.
Bingo: Sparkles!
Bluey: No! (gets up and runs after Sparkles) Come back, Sparkles! You have to do it properly!
Scene: Bingo and Muffin join the chase as Gallahop is left behind letting out a sobbing whinny. Sparkles runs into the house whinnying, causing Socks to stop chewing on Polly Puppy.
Bluey: Come back, Sparkles!
Muffin: Marry Gallahop!
Bingo: Now!
Scene: The scene transitions to the kitchen. Sparkles ducks behind the counter as the girls run past.
Bluey: I want Polly back.
Scene: Sparkles peeks back up over the counter, letting out a soft sigh of relief as he heads off in the other direction. The scene transitions to the girls running into Bandit and Chilli's room.
Bluey: Where'd he go?
Scene: The girls pause as they hear chattering from the television in the distance. The scene transitions to the living room where Sparkles is contentedly watching a cricket match on the TV before Bluey bursts in.
Bluey: He's watching the cricket! Get him!
Scene: The girls chase Sparkles out of the room and into the playroom. He encounters Socks, who, releasing Polly Puppy, begins to bark and growl att at him aggressively. Sparkles bucks up defensively, neighing. After a loud bark from Socks, Sparkles backs down, whimpering, giving Bingo and Muffin a chance to tackle him, laughing. Socks hops up and down excitedly.
Muffin and Bingo: Good one, Socks!
Scene: Bluey tiptoes past towards Polly Puppy, hugging her in her arms. Stripe and Bluey wink at each other. Socks is now on top of the heap, howling. The scene transitions back to the backyard wedding.
Bandit: (fake sobs) I'd been looking forward to this day all my life and now it's ruined.
Scene: Socks is barking and growling, leading a very scared Sparkles back to Gallahop before panting excitedly. The rest of the girls return to their positions at the wedding. Gallahop glares at his bride. Sparkles neighs in apology, but Gallahop only scoffs. Bluey presses the button on her keyboard to restart the drumroll.
Bingo: You may now say I do.
Scene: Sparkles and Gallahop exchange nervous glances as the drumroll stops.
Scene: The scene transitions to Chilli and Trixie re-entering the house.
Trixie: Well, I guess that's why we wear mouth guards.
Scene: As Chilli sets down her bag, the girls are heard squealing excited in the background as Wedding March plays again.
Trixie: Well, that sounds positive.
Scene: The rest of the Heelers re-enter the foyer, Bluey carrying Polly Puppy. Stripe dusts himself off as Bingo and Muffin hug Chilli and Trixie respectively.
Chilli: What have you kids been up to?
Bandit: Oh, you know, just regular childhood games.
Bingo: Uncle Stripe married Dad!
Bluey: Yeah!
Trixie: Oh, really?
Scene: Chilli and Trixie laugh, as Socks howls and the rest of the girls resume their earlier Horsey Wedding! chant with joined hands.
Bandit: (shrugs) Well, who could blame him?
Scene: Stripe simply shakes his head.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - an up-tempo, percussion-heavy tune. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in front of the Golden Crown takeaway restaurant at dusk.  It's a small Chinese restaurant in a strip mall.  A single table and chair sit on the sidewalk in front of it.  A car engine approaches, and headlights illuminate the side of the restaurant.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called: Takeaway.
Scene: Bluey runs in from screen left.  Bandit follows, looking worn out.  Bingo follows a little behind him.  Bluey points at a tap on the side of the building.
Bluey: Ooh, can I have a shower under that tap?
Bandit: No. Wet. Dogs. In. Car.
Scene: Bluey slumps.
Bluey: Aww!
Scene: Bingo stops and examines the pavement.
Bingo: Daaaad?
Bandit: Yeah, mate.
Bingo: Where do rocks come from?
Bandit: Uhhh...
Bluey: Can we have some of your takeaway, too?
Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: You girls don't like spicy.
Bingo: Ooh, I like spicy.
Bandit: You squirts wait here. I'll be two seconds.
Scene: Bandit walks into the restaurant.  Through the shop window, he can be seen talking to the takeaway lady.  The moment he's gone, Bluey and Bingo make eye contact, and then both try to sit on the chair at the same time.
Bluey: Raaah!
Scene: Bluey gets there first, but Bingo is able to squirm in behind her.  They both giggle.  Bingo tries to push Bluey off, but Bluey shoves her whole body backwards, pushing Bingo off the chair.
Scene: A car passes by.  A newspaper blows off the table.  Bingo yips and runs to retrieve it.  She picks it up in her mouth, and presents it to Bluey, tail wagging.  Bluey puts it back on the table and pats Bingo's head.  Bingo giggles.
Scene: Bandit emerges from the restaurant with a plastic bag.
Bandit: Alright! Let's boogie.
Scene: Bandit looks in his bag.  Bluey gets up.
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Let's boogie.
Scene: The kids turn to leave.
Bandit: Hang about!
Scene: Bandit turns to go back into the restaurant.
Bandit: (firmly) Stay.
Scene: Bandit goes into the restaurant and talks to the takeaway lady.  The kids make eye contact, and resume the struggle for the chair, giggling.  Bluey gets there first.  Bingo climbs on in front of her and tries to shove her off.  Bluey gets her legs between them and pushes Bingo off.  Bluey laughs and blows a raspberry.  Bingo looks offended for a moment, then blows a raspberry right back.  They both giggle.
Scene: Bandit comes out of the restaurant and shoos Bluey off the chair.
Bandit: Five more minutes, kids.
Scene: He puts the takeaway bag on the table and sits down.
Bandit: They forgot the spring rolls!
Scene: He takes out his cell phone and makes a call.  Chilli's face is shown on the screen.
Chilli: Hey, babe. What's up?
Scene: Bandit puts down the phone and looks away.
Bluey & Bingo: They forgot the spring rolls!
Chilli: Oh! Your dad and spring rolls!
Bandit: They're just cooking 'em now.
Chilli: Forget 'em, babe. The kids must be starving.
Bandit: Not. Leaving. Without. Spring rolls.
Scene: He picks up the phone.
Bandit: Say 'See ya, Mum.'
Scene: The wave to the phone.'
Bluey & Bingo: See ya, Mum!
Chilli: Well, good luck.
Scene: Bandit hangs up.
Bandit: Leave without the spring rolls? Is she crazy?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bingo: How long is five minutes?
Bandit: Uh, it's one episode of 'Chutney Chimp.'
Bluey: What are we gonna play?
Bandit: We're gonna play Dad Reads The Newspaper.
Scene: Bandit opens the newspaper. Bluey looks into the restaurant, at a refrigerated case of drinks.
Bluey: Ooh, can I buy a juice?
Scene: Bingo looks at some menu items displayed on the shop window.
Bingo: What do these words say?
Bandit: No idea, kiddo. And no. There's a tap over there if you're thirsty.
Scene: Bluey laughs and scampers over to the tap.
Bluey: Please, can I have a shower in it?
Bandit: Don't even think about it.
Scene: Bluey tries to turn the tap with both hands.  She grunts with effort, but she's turning the wrong way.
Bluey: Dad, can you help me?
Scene: Bandit tucks the newspaper under his arm and walks over to Bluey. Bingo follows, giggling.  He opens the tap.  Bluey drinks from the stream of water.
Bandit: Do you need a drink, too, Bingo?
Bingo: No, I'm not thirsty.
Scene: She points at some weeds growing out of the drain under the tap.
Bingo: Can I eat these plants?
Bandit: No, mate.
Scene: Bandit goes to sit back down.  From off screen, the tap squeaks and the sound of water gets louder.
Bluey: Aah! Ohh!
Scene: He walks back over to the tap, which is now gushing water.
Bluey: Which way do you turn it off?
Scene: Bandit closes the tap.  Bluey giggles and runs back towards the table.
Bingo: Why are some plants food, like lettuce, but other plants aren't food?
Bandit: Uh, well...
Bluey: Dad, can I play with these?
Scene: Bluey has moved the chair over by the door, and stood on it to get at the restaurant's menus.  She waves two of them in the air.
Bandit: Uh, just two, kid. The shop guys need 'em.
Scene: Bandit sets her down on the ground.
Bluey: How about three?
Bandit: Two.
Scene: He moves the chair back to the table and starts to sit down.
Bingo: Dad, I'm thirsty.
Bandit: But I just— Oh, never mind.
Scene: He walks over and opens the tap.  Bingo laps at the stream of water.  A vehicle passes, and Bluey loses her grip on the menus, which blow into a puddle of water by the tap.
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: She runs over, but the menus are already soaked.
Bluey: Aww!
Scene: Bandit picks up the sodden menus.
Bandit: Quickly, grab two more, but hang on to them.
Scene: The chair scrapes loudly as Bluey pushes it over to the menus and grabs two more, then pushes it back.  Bandit puts the wet menus in the plastic bag.
Bingo: Ohhh, I'm starving.
Scene: Bandit sits down and opens the newspaper.
Bingo: Can I have some takeaway?
Bluey: Of course you can, customer. Welcome to my takeaway restaurant. Please, do sit down.
Scene: Bluey swats at Bandit's leg with the menus.
Bluey: Up! Ssp-Ssp-Ssp! Get off!
Scene: Bandit gets up, walks a few paces over, and sits down on the ground.
Bingo: Oh, thank you.
Scene: Bingo climbs into the chair.
Bluey: Here are some menus, Bingo.
Scene: She hands Bingo the menus.
Bluey: You can have two, in case you want lots of food.
Bingo: My name isn't Bingo. It's, uh...
Scene: She looks around for inspiration.  The tap drips.
Bingo: ...Tap Girl.
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Scene: Bluey runs over to Bandit and points at the newspaper.
Bluey: Can I have this, Dad? I need to write Tap Girl's order down.
Scene: She grabs the newspaper and runs off with it.  Long-suffering Bandit doesn't react.  Bluey returns to the table, holding the newspaper like a pad of paper, and a chopstick for a pen.
Bluey: So, Madam, what would you like?
Scene: Bandit walks past them.
Bandit: I'm just gonna check on the spring rolls.
Bingo: I'll have some super-spicy, please.
Bluey: Certainly. I'll just get that now.
Scene: Bluey reaches into the takeaway bag.  She grabs the menus.
Bluey: Yechh! Wet menu! Blegh!
Scene: She tosses it in front of the door.  She takes out a plastic container of food.  The lid pops off and lands on the ground.
Bluey: Ooh!
Bingo: Eeeee!
Scene: Bingo picks up the container.
Bluey: Uh, Tap Girl, I'm not sure you can eat it for real life.
Bingo: But I'm hungry.
Scene: She scoops out of handful and eats it.  Her pupils shrink.  She dances from one foot to the other, fanning her mouth with her free hand.
Bingo: Aah! Oh! Aah! Aah! Aah!
Scene: She drops the container, spilling food on the ground.
Bingo: Too spicy!
Scene: Bandit walks out the door, looking disappointed.
Bandit: Ah, they're not ready yet.
Scene: He spots the dropped food.
Bingo: ' Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Bandit: Hey! My dinner!
Scene: He takes a step forward, and slips on the menu.
Bandit: Aaah!
Scene: He catches himself on the back of the chair.  Bingo spits out her partially chewed food, right in Bandit's face.
Bingo: ' Too spicy!
Scene: Bandit wipes off his face and picks up Bingo.
Bandit: Okay, okay, come here, mate.
Scene: He steps over the spilled food and takes her to the tap.  He opens it, and holds her up to the stream of water to drink.
Bandit: How's that, kiddo?
Scene: While Bandit's busy, Bluey digs through the takeaway bag and comes up with some chopsticks.
Bingo: ' Good. But I need to do a wee. I'm busting.
Bandit: Oh, man! Okay. Umm...
Scene: Bluey walks back into shot, with chopsticks stuck under her upper lip, cliapping.
Bluey: I'm a walrus.
Scene: Bandit runs to the front of the shop, carrying Bingo under his arm, and talks to the takeaway lady through the door.
Bandit: Excuse me—
Scene: Bluey makes walrus noises.  Bandit points at her.
Bandit: Bluey, don't even think about it!
Bandit: (to Takeaway Lady) Where's the nearest toilet? Oh, that's too far!
Scene: He turns around.  Bluey is still making walrus noises.
Bandit: Bingo, can you hold on till we get home?
Bingo: I'm busting!
Bandit: Okay, okay. It's a bush wee.
Scene: He carries her over to a flowering bush in front of the shop, and holds her up for a bush wee.  Bluey has gone silent.
Bingo: Dad?
Bandit: Yeah, mate?
Bingo: Is everything in the whole world made of atoms?
Bandit: Uh, yeah, I think so.
Scene: Over by the tap, which is now gushing water, Bluey is panicking.  The drain overflows onto the sidewalk.
Bluey: Aaah! I can't turn it off!
Bandit: Bluey!
Bluey: I only meant to turn it on a little bit!
Scene: The overflow reaches the edge of the sidewalks and begins pouring into the parking lot.
Bandit: Don't even think about getting under that!
Bluey: There's water everywhere!
Bandit: Bingo, are you almost finished?
Bingo: Not yet. It's a long one.
Scene: A trio of crows descend on the table.  Two of them peck at the spilled food, while a third pecks at the bag.  Bandit waves his arm at them.
Bandit: Get out of it!
Bingo: No, Mr Crow! It's too spicy for you!
Bluey: What will happen if we can never turn it off?!
Scene: Bandit grabs the last of the menus from the box by the door, and throws them at the crows.
Bandit: Get outta here!
Scene: The menus, being paper, flutter to the ground far short of the crows.
Bluey: The water will be up to the clouds!
Bandit: Are you finished yet, Bingo?
Bingo: Almost!
Bluey: Arghhh!
Bandit: This is a really long wee, Bingo!
Bingo: Finished!
Scene: Bandit sets her down.  He runs over to the table and shoos the crows away.
Bandit: Get outta here!
Scene: He runs over to the tap and turns it off.
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Bandit walks over to the chair and slumps down in the chair, closing his eyes.  He groans loudly.  Bluey and Bingo stare at him for a moment.
Bingo: Dad?
Bandit: Yes, mate?
Bingo: If grown-ups grow from babies
Scene: and only grown-ups have babies, who had the first baby?
Scene: Bandit opens his eyes and stares for a moment.  He grabs the bag and stands up.
Bandit: Okay, forget the spring rolls. Let's just get out of here.
Scene: He steps on the takeaway container lid and slips, falling over backwards.  Three more takeaway containers spill all over him.
Bandit: Whoa! Ooh!
Scene: Bandit lies there and groans.  The takeaway lady comes out of the shop with a tray of fortune cookies.
Takeaway Lady: Sorry. Your spring rolls will be five more minutes.
Bingo: What? That's a whole other 'Chutney Chimp.'
Takeaway Lady: Sorry about the wait. Would you kids like some fortune cookies?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo both take a fortune cookie.
Bluey & Bingo: Thank you.
Takeaway Lady: What's happened out here?
Bluey: They're biscuits.
Scene: She breaks the fortune cookie in half.
Bingo: With a little paper inside.
Bluey: And writing on the paper.
Scene: Bandit is now sitting back on the chair, with the kids sitting on his knees.  The mess has been cleaned up.  Bluey hands Bandit her fortune.
Bluey: What does it say?
Bandit: It says: 'Flowers may bloom again, but a person never has the chance to be young again.'
Scene: Bandit looks surprised, and looks off into the distance.
Bluey: What does that mean?
Scene: Bandit thinks for a moment.
Bandit: It means...
Scene: He looks at the kids.
Bandit: ...it's shower time!
Scene: He dumps the kids off his lap and jogs over to the tap.
Bluey: For real life?
Scene: He turns on the tap.
Bandit: For real life.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo drop their fortune cookies and run over.  They laugh and squeal as they splash around in the water.  Bandit laughs too.
Scene: The takeaway lady comes out with another bag.
Takeaway Lady: Spring rolls are ready!
Bandit: Oh, great! Just pop 'em on the table. Thanks.
Takeaway Lady: No worries. Oh, that looks fun.
Scene: Bandit and the kids continue laughing.  The takeaway lady walks back into the restaurant.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode theme, a lively fiddle tune, plays over the end credits as Bluey dances.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode begins at the Heeler's house. Bingo is in a makeshift tent in the living room on the stairs, which acts as her house.
Bingo: Sleep, sleep, sleep. (yawns) Morning, Poppy. Time to get to work. (she steps out of the tent) Goodbye, husband.
Scene: Bingo walks down the steps and waits.
Bandit: (offscreen) Train arriving!
Bingo: Ooh, here comes the train, Poppy.
Bandit: (offscreen) Train stopping!
Scene: Bandit walks onscreen pushing two beach chairs, which acts as the train. He makes a pretend train hiss.
Bandit: All aboard!
Scene: Bingo gets on the front seat with Poppy.
Bandit: Train's leaving!
Scene: Bandit pushes the train offscreen. Bingo giggles.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called, Trains.
Scene: The scene changes to the playroom, which acts as the day care. Chilli reads to toy animals, which act as children.
Chilli: One upon a time, there was a little mouse.
Scene: Bandit pushes the train with Bingo and Poppy onscreen.
Bandit: Train arriving! The next stop is Mother Duck Day Care.
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thank you.
Bandit: Train's leaving! (pushes the train offscreen)
Chilli: Oh, hello, Poppy. You're just in time for a story.
Bingo: (as Poppy) Story time! Story time! (as herself) I'll pick you up after work now, sweetie. (she hugs Poppy) Give Mummy a hug. (she kisses Poppy, sets her down, and gets ready to leave)
Chilli: And this mouse lived in a very special house.
Scene: As Chilli reads, Bingo pretends to sign Poppy in on a clipboard. Bandit walks back onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping!
Scene: Bingo gets onto the train.
Chilli: One day...
Bandit: Train's leaving! (he pushes the train offscreen)
Chilli: (continued) when the mouse was out walking...
Scene: Chilli gets up and runs to the kitchen, which acts as the veterinarian clinic.
Chilli: (pretending to feed a toy polar bear celery) Are you hungry, Mr. Polar Bear? (she makes the polar bear growl) Ooh!
Scene: Bandit walks onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Next stop is the Vet's. (makes pretend train hiss)
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thank you.
Bandit: Train's leaving!
Bingo: (to Chilli) Morning, Sharice.
Chilli: (to Bingo) Morning, Doctor Glenda. We have a very busy day today. One sick tiger, and six sick skunks. That's hard to say. (makes the polar bear growl) Oh, and one cranky polar bear.
Bingo: Oh, you just need to tickle him here. Watch. (tickles the polar bear underneath his chin) Tickle, tickle. See?
Chilli: What would we do without you, Glenda?
Bandit: (offscreen) Train arriving!
Bingo: Ooh. (pretending to tend to the animals) Work, work, work. See you tomorrow.
Chilli: Bye, Glenda.
Scene: Bingo pretends to scan her ticket and gets on the train.
Bandit: Train's leaving!
Scene: Chilli is briefly seen getting up before the scene changes back to the day care.
Bandit: Next stop, day care! (makes pretend train hiss)
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thanks.
Chilli: Poppy, your mum's here. (to Bingo) She had a great day today.
Bingo: Oh, that's my big girl. (kisses Poppy)
Scene: The scene changes back to Bingo's house as the train pulls up to it.
Bandit: Train arriving!
Bingo: (gets off the train) Thank you.
Bandit: Train's leaving! (walks offscreen with the train)
Scene: Bingo goes into her house.
Bingo: Sleep, sleep, sleep. (yawns) Morning, Poppy. Time to get to work. (walks out of her house) Goodbye, husband.
Scene: The scene changes to the laundry room where Bandit is trying to hurriedly skip the station.
Bandit: Train's skipping this station.
Scene: Before Bandit can leave, Bluey runs up with a toy cat and a cup with a straw.
Bluey: Hey, wait. I'm coming.
Bandit: (groans) Train stopping.
Scene: Bluey hums. She puts her cat in the front seat and she gets in the back. She puts her feet up on the front seat's backrest.
Bluey: Off you go.
Bandit: Um, excuse me. No food or drinks, no feet on seats, and that cat needs to be on your lap.
Bluey: Ah, just drive the train, mate.
Bandit: What?! You cheeky little... Hang on, show me your ticket.
Bluey: Oh, yes, here you are. (she hands Bandit a pretend train ticket)
Scene: Bandit grabs the train ticket.
Bandit: Hmm, this looks fine.
Bluey: Maybe you should lick it as well.
Bandit: Oh, okay. A bit strange, but... (licks the ticket)
Bluey: And now rub it all over your face.
Bandit: This is a bit unorthodox, but okay. (he rubs it on his face while humming)
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Bluey: What's so funny?
Bluey: That isn't a train ticket.
Bandit: Huh?
Bluey: It's a piece of poo!
Bandit: What?! (retches) I licked poo!
Scene: Bluey laughs. Bandit tries to get the poo out of his mouth.
Bandit: Right, that's it. Get off my train!
Scene: Bandit grabs Bluey's legs. Bluey grabs the seat's backrest.
Scene: The scene changes back to the living room where Bingo waits in front of her house.
Bingo: Oh, where is that train?
Chilli: (offscreen as a public announcer) Bing bong. The next train will be a bit late due to an ongoing passenger incident.
Bingo: Oh.
Scene: Bandit runs onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping. Apologies, customer.
Bingo: (pretends to scan her ticket) That's okay. But be quick. I'm late for drop-off.
Scene: Bandit runs offscrren with the train. The scene changes to the day care.
Chilli: And they lived happily ever after.
Scene: Bandit runs onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping! (pants)
Bingo: (pants) I'm sorry I'm late.
Chilli: Oh, Poppy, you just missed story time.
Bingo: (makes Poppy cry, kisses Poppy, and puts her down) I'll pick you up after work. Mum loves you. (signs Poppy in) I hope that train's on time.
Scene: The scene changes back to the laundry room where Bluey is standing, waiting for the train. Bandit walks onscreen with the train.
Bandit: Train stopping. Oh, you again. I hope you've got a real ticket this time.
Bluey: Oh, yes. Sorry about the mix-up. (pretends to scan the ticket by saying Boop) See?
Bandit: Ah, good.
Scene: Bluey hums. She puts her cat in the front seat of the train and she gets in the back.
Bandit: (groans) I'm putting this cat on your lap.
Bluey: Uh, I wouldn't touch him if I were you.
Bandit: Oh, don't be... (he screams and pretends to make the cat scratch his face) Get it off!
Scene: Bluey laughs. The scene changes back to the day care where Bingo is waiting for the train. Bingo looks at her pretend watch.
Chilli: (offscreen as a phone ringtone) Ring ring!
Scene: Bingo yelps at the ring.
Bingo: (picks up her pretend phone) Hello?
Chilli: (in the kitchen) Glenda, where are you? This polar bear is getting REALLY cranky. (makes the polar bear growl)
Bingo: The train's running late! You're gonna have to tickle him yourself.
Chilli: (nervously) Um, okay! I'll give it a go.
Bingo: I'll be there soon. Good luck! (hangs up the phone)
Scene: Bandit walks onscreen with the train. He has bandages on his body.
Bandit: Oh, I'm so sorry we're late.
Bingo: Hurry. The polar bear is getting cranky.
Bandit: Train leaving! (he runs fast offscreen)
Scene: The scene changes to the kitchen. The vet table is flipped over, Chilli lies on the floor, and the various animals are scattered on the floor. Chillli groans. Bandit runs onscreen.
Bandit: Train stopping.
Scene: Bingo (gets off) Thank you. (to Chilli) What happened?
Chilli: The polar bear escaped! He didn't like how I tickled him. He's on the loose and he's cranky!
Bingo: (worriedly) Oh no.
Scene: The scene changes back to the laundry room. Bluey and her cat are disguised with glasses and a fake mustache.
Bandit: (offscreen, exhausted) Train arriving.
Bluey: (speaking in a high tone) Oh, look, the train is here.
Bandit: Oh, I'm so sorry we're late. Hang on, have I seen you before?
Bluey: Oh no. We just moved here from, uh, Egypt.
Bandit: Oh, good, 'cause I do not like being attacked by animals.
Scene: The polar bear jumps on Bandit. Chilli makes the polar bear roar. Bandit screams. Bluey laughs. Bandit makes the polar bear bite Bluey's cat. Bluey screams and kicks the polar bear away.
Bluey: Oh. Mr. Cottonsocks, you're hurt!
Bandit: It IS you. I knew it!
Bandit: My cat is hurt. He needs a vet.
Bandit: Quick, hop on the train! All aboard! Express train! (he runs offscreen with the train)
Scene: The scene changes to a corridor. Bandit pushes the train down the corridor.
Bluey: Faster!
Scene: The scene changes to Bingo and Chilli in the corridor dressed as grannies.
Chilli: (elderly voice) Oh, I hope the train will be here soon, Rita.
Bingo: Me too, Madge. We'll be late for mahjong.
Bandit: (offscreen) Stand back from the platform!
Chilli: Oh, here it..
Scene: Bandit zooms past Bingo and Chilli, causing them to spin.
Bandit: Sorry, ladies!
Scene: The scene changes to a front view of the train as it moves down the corridor.
Bluey: Hang in there, Mr. Cottonsocks.
Scene: The scene changes back to the kitchen.
Bandit: Train arriving. (groans exhaustedly)
Scene: Bluey gets off the train and runs up to Chilli.
Bluey: Mr. Cottonsocks needs to see the vet!
Chilli: I'm sorry, we had to shut down. Our vet was late and a polar bear ate all the animals.
Bluey: (sadly) Oh.
Chilli: I know, let's catch the rain to the vet's house.
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Buey and Chilli board the train.
Chilli: Go!
Bandit: Oh, man.
Scene: The scene changes back to the living room. Bingo sits on the stairs in front of her house while combing Poppy's hair.
Bingo: Oh, Poppy, I really miss taking care of animals.
Scene: Bandit pushes the train onscreen, exhausted.
Bandit: (groans) Train stopping. (falls over)
Chilli: Doctor Glenda, it's an emergency!
Bluey: Please help Mr. Cottonsocks!
Bingo: Oh, deary me. Bring him here at once. (pretends to fix Mr. Cottonsocks) Fix, fix, fix. There, she's all better.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Hooray!
Bluey: Thanks, Doctor Glenda.
Bingo: That's okay.
Chilli: Glenda, why don't you start a home vet?
Bluey: Yeah! Where the train delivers customers to your house.
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: And I'll make sure the animals follow all the train rules.
Bandit: No way. I am done with animals.
Scene: Chilli throws the polar bear at Bandit and makes the polar bear growl. Bandit and the girls screams.
Scene: End credits.
Scene: The end credits theme is the same as the episode's theme.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: An establishing shot shows the Heeler house.  A trio of sparrows fly by.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo sit in the play house in the play room.  Bingo sits with some stuffed animals (including Polly Puppy and Poppy, listening to Bluey read.
Bluey: Betty Butter had some butter, but the butter was bitter.
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bluey: Betty Butter had some butter, but the butter was bitter. Betty Butter... butted the butter.
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bluey: And said 'Bitter butter.  Butt.  Butt.'
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bluey: Okay.  Betty Butter had some butter, but, she said, 'This butter's bitter. If I bake this bitter butter, it would make my batter bitter.'
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bluey: 'Budda bitta bedda budda.  But that would make my batter better.'  So she bought a bit of butter, better than her bitter butter, and she baked it in her batter.  The batter was not bitter, so 'twas better Betty Botter, bought a bit of better butter.  I did it!
Bluey, Bingo: Hooray!
Bluey: What's batter?
Bingo: I don't know.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The Bluey and Ludo Studio logos are shown.  After the Studio Ludo logo, the Bluey opening plays, but the end slate music continues instead of the opening music.  The episode ends just before the music would stop for the first time.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode begins in the living room with Bandit and Chilli on the couch. Bandit tosses a pillow in the air and Chilli is trying to fix a doll with gum in its hair.
Bandit: It has been 10 minutes since a kid has run in here and asked me a question.
Scene: Bluey runs into the living room.
Bluey: Dad?
Bandit: Yeah, mate?
Bluey: Can we get married?
Bandit: Nah.
Bluey: Why not?
Bandit: I'm already married to your mum.
Bluey: Because she's your true love?
Bandit: Yes, because she's my true love.
Bluey: Is it nice having a true love?
Bandit: It's very nice having a true love.
Bluey: What's so nice about having a true love?
Bandit: Hmm. Well, they're always there for you when you need them.
Scene: Bingo enters the living room.
Bingo: Let's play Tickle Crabs!
Bluey: Yeah, Tickle Crabs!
Scene: Chilli gets up and runs away.
Chilli: See you later!
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Tick- (the title card is abruptly interrupted)
Scene: The scene changes back to the living room
Bandit: Uh-uh. No way. I am not playing Tickle Crabs.
Bluey: Aw, why not?
Bandit: 'Cause I hate Tickle Crabs.
Bluey: Why?
Bandit: Because you're Tickle Crabs!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo briefly giggle.
Bluey: Yeah, but that's the fun part.
Bandit: Fun for you, maybe. Not for me.
Scene: The camera zooms in on Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey: Okay, Bingo, this is going to take a serious please face.
Bingo: Yes, serious.
Bluey: Let's get these ears back. (she folds back Bingo's ears) And I'm going to need to see tears. (Bingo now has tears in her eyes) That's good. And let's hold these. (she gives Bingo an octopus and dog toy; the toys squeak as she gives them to Bingo) Okay, let's do this.
Scene: The scene changes back to Bandit on the couch. Bluey and Bingo walk up to Bandit. Bluey clears her throat.
Bandit: What do you want?
Scene: The camera zooms in on Bluey and Bingo. Bingo whimpers as Bluey speaks; the camera focuses on Bluey or Bandit when either one of them speak.
Bluey: Why do you never play with us?
Bandit: What?!
Bluey: You're always at work.
Bandit: I'm never at work!
Bluey: It's like you don't even love us.
Bandit: You are joking, right?
Bluey: How can you not love your own children?
Bandit: Aw, cheese and jam! Alright.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray! (they both giggle as they run away)
Bandit: That was impressive.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called, Tickle Crabs.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit on the deck in the backyard lying on a beach towel.
Bandit: (he sits up) Oh, what a wonderful day at the beach. A little bit lonely, of course, but wonderful. (shouting towards the inside of the house) It would be better if I had a true love to share it with! (he stands up and walks towards the house) Perhaps one day I'll find her. Oh, well, now it's time to go back to my empty house. (Bluey and Bingo walk like crabs and hide underneath Bandit's beach towel) I'll just turn around and pick up my towel. (he picks up the beach towel with Bluey and Bingo inside. As he picks up the towel, Bluey and Bingo giggle) Now I'll just shake the sand off. (he shakes the towel) Now off home.
Scene: The scene changes to the car. Bandit pretends to drive home, making engine noises with his mouth.
Bandit: (singing to the tune of Oh My Darling, Clementine) Oh, where are you, my true love? Won't you come to me? (Bluey and Bingo emerge from the beach towel in the backseat of the car, wiggling their fingers. They both giggle)
Scene: The scene changes back to the living room. Bandit carries the beach towel with Bluey and Bingo inside.
Bandit: Ah, home sweet, lonely home. (he puts the beach towel with Bluey and Bingo on the floor. Bluey and Bingo giggle. Bandit gets on the couch) Ah, well, time for a nap. Perchance I will dream of meeting my true love. (he pretends to fall asleep)
Scene: As Bandit is pretending to sleep on the couch, Bluey and Bingo get out of the beach towel, walking like crabs while whispering tickle. They tickle Bandit's feet.
Bluey and Bingo: Tickle!
Scene: Bandit is awakened from his pretend nap laughing. Bluey and Bingo hide behind the couch.
Bandit: What was that? (Bluey and Bingo giggle) Hm, I must have dreamt of being tickled. Oh well, I might just give this big soft belly a bit of air. (he lays back down and rubs his belly and pretends to fall back asleep)
Scene: Bluey and Bingo's hands emerge from behind the couch. They tickle Bandit's belly.
Bluey and Bingo: Tickle!
Scene: Bandit is again awakened from his pretend nap laughing.
Bandit: Oh no, Tickle Crabs! I must have brought them back from the beach with me.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo jump onto Bandit and tickle him. Bandit laughs as Bluey and Bingo repeatedly say tickle. Bandit falls onto the floor and runs away screaming.
Bluey and Bingo: Tickle, tickle!
Scene: The scene changes to the kitchen. Bandit climbs onto the kitchen bench. Bluey and Bingo follow him while saying tickle.
Bandit: You can't get me up here, Tickle Crabs! (Bluey grabs a step stool and uses it to climb onto the kitchen bench) Hey! What? No! (he throws grapes and Bluey and Bingo) These Tickle Crabs are smart! (he raises his voice) If only I had a true love to come to my rescue! (the music and Bluey and Bingo briefly stops, then resumes) I've got to make a break for it! Freedom! (he jumps off the kitchen bench, hurting himself) Ow! (he limps away while holding his left leg)
Scene: The scene changes to a corridor.
Bandit: Hang on, I'll use this glue (pretends to pick up glue from the floor; he hides behind a cupboard in the corridor. Bluey and Bingo enter the corridor while saying tickle) Got ya! (he grabs Bluey and pretends to glue her back to the wall) Glue, glue, glue. Stick! (he grabs Bingo and pretends to glue her back to the wall too) Glue, glue, glue. Stick! (Bluey and Bingo wiggle their fingers while saying Tickle) Well, that seems to have done it. Ooh, you want some of these big juicy ribs? (the camera zooms close to Bandit's ribs and the kid's fingers) Ooh, yeah, they look nice to tickle, don't they?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo pretend to unglue themselves from the wall.
Bluey: Unglue, unglue, unglue.
Scene: They both pop from the wall.
Bluey and Bingo: Tickle!
Bandit: (laughs) Ah, true love, are you out there? (laughs) I could really use you right now to come and have your turn with these Tickle Crabs. (to Bluey and Bingo) Hey (laughs) that's enough! Time out! (he runs into the cupboard in the corridor. Inside the cupboard, he sighs in relief. He discovers that Chilli has been hiding inside the cupboard) (to Chilli) Hey, what are you doing in here?
Chilli: Hiding. There's no way I'm getting tickled.
Bandit: Well, it's nice to meet you. My name is Telemachus and I'm looking for my true love who's supposed to always be there for me to come and help me with these crabs. But she hasn't turned up.
Chilli: That sounds like hard work.
Bandit: How so?
Chilli: Well, your true love probably has her own problems.
Bandit: Hm, I never thought of that. I guess the first thing I do is yell out for help when I'm... (Chilli interrupts him and runs away)
Chilli: Good luck!
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo begin to tickle Bandit.
Bandit: That is it! (laughs) That lady was right. From now on, I'll solve my own problems. (laughs) You Tickle Crabs are going back to where you came from!
Scene: The scene cuts to the car. Bandit walks up to the car while holding Bluey and Bingo.
Bandit: Just gotta take the hits! (he puts Bluey and Bingo in the backseat)
Scene: The scene cuts to the inside of the car. Bluey and Bingo tickle Bandit as Bandit pretends to drive. Bandit laughs.
Scene: The scene cuts to the deck in the backyard. Bandit carries Bluey and Bingo to the deck.
Bandit: Now I'll just (laughs) throw them back (laughs) into the sea! (he throws Bluey and Bingo. Bluey and Bingo scream as they go away from the deck) Oh, and a big wave takes them out to sea. I did it! I got rid of those tickling crabs. Ahh! The air tastes fresher. Birdsong's sweeter.
Scene: The camera focuses on flying cockatoos, a butterfly, and a bee.
Bandit: I'm free at last!
Scene: When Bluey and Bingo reach the back of the backyard, they rush back to the house.
Bluey: Oh, but a wave washes them back in!
Bandit: Wait, what? No, hey, no! Get away!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo jump onto Bandit and tickle him.
Bluey and Bingo: Tickle!
Bandit: Oh, well, let it end then, on this (laughs) beautiful day (laughs) alone but (laughs) no longer lonely. (laughs)
Scene: The toy that Chilli has been fixing suddenly falls onto the deck; the toy squeaks when it hits the deck.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: Chilli sits in the tree above the deck; she squawks like a seagull.
Bandit: A seagull!
Scene: Chilli jumps out of the tree and grabs Bingo and squawks.
Bandit: The most beautiful seagull I've ever seen!
Scene: Bluey runs away screaming. Chilli runs after her and grabs her.
Bandit: Oh beautiful seagull, are you my true love?
Scene: Chilli gives three short squawk.
Bandit: Oh, I'm so happy! Farewell! We shall meet again! I will always be there for you, for you are my true love. But I just need half an hour on the couch. See ya!
Scene: The camera pans towards the sky.
Scene: End credits.
Scene: The end credits music is the same as the episode's theme.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: We open on the Heeler household. At the veranda, Bluey and Chilli are wrapping up a Chutney Chimp gift, while Bingo is playing with red cellophane.
Bingo: Cellophane! Ooh, everything's red.
Bluey: I chose Chutney Chimp wrapping paper 'cause Chloe's birthday party is a Chutney Chimp party.
Chilli: Nice one. [Bingo puts down the cellophane] Present done, now go get ready!
Bluey, Bingo: Yay!
Scene: Bluey runs off, trailed by her sister, as...
Chilli: Oh, uh - Bingo, not you.
Scene: Bingo frowns.
Chilli: I'm sorry, honey, but you're not invited to Chloe's party, remember? Only Bluey is.
Bingo: You mean... I miss out?
Chilli: I'm afraid so, honey.
Scene: Enter Bluey from right.
Bluey: It's 'cause Chloe's turning seven, and she's only inviting seven people.
Bingo: [down in the dumps] Aww...
Scene: Cue a set of singing. In comes Bandit.
Chilli: You'll stay here with Dad, okay honey?
Bingo: Aww, okay...
Chilli: That's the girl. [to...] Dad, can you make us breakfast while we get ready?
Bandit: [saluting] Si. [to Bingo] Don't worry, Bingo, we'll make our own fun.
Scene: Bandit sings again as the others follow him out of the veranda. Now downcast, along with the music, Bingo leans sadly against the couch.
Bingo: Why is it always me that misses out?
Scene: Somber pause. Cue an off-screen bird squawk that brings a loose feather into the scene. Bingo curiously watches it fall to the ground...
Bingo: Ooh!
Scene: She goes under the table and picks it up, holding it like a wand. She then picks up the tape on the table and puts it on the ground, pointing the feather at it...
Bingo: Sticky tape... heavy!
Scene: She then tries to pick it up; indeed it now weighs, like, a thousand tons. Bingo giggles, then realizes what her dad meant earlier about making her own fun...
Bingo: Featherwand!
Scene: Title Card - A fether then falls down from the top of the screen and lands gently on the word Featherwand.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Featherwand!
Scene: Bandit scours the cupboard for Bluey's breakfast.
Bandit: Bluey, do you want cereal? ... Yeah you want cereal.
Scene: He exits, cereal in hand, into the kitchen, and as he walks in...
Bingo: [with the featherwand] Cereal, heavy!
Bandit: Huh?
Bingo: I said cereal, heavy!
Scene: The cereal box begins to weigh itself down, flinging the spoon Bandit was holding off his hand. Bandit struggles to pick up the box.
Bandit: What's going on?!
Scene: Cue further attempts to take the box off the ground.
Bandit: This is some... heavy... cereal! Must have a lot of... fibber!
Scene: Bingo giggles as Bandit lets go of the box.
Bandit: Oh, forget this...
Scene: He instead scoops the cereal with his hand into the bowl-
Bingo: Heavy.
Scene: Plop! Now the bowl is heavy too, throwing Bandit to the ground. For further effect, as she goes...
Bingo: Heavy.
Scene: As she leaves the scene. Now the spoon is heavy.
Bandit: What's going on...?
Scene: In the bathroom, Bluey sings a little ditty as Bingo silently enters the room and into the tub. Bluey notices the sound, but doesn't notice-
Bingo: Heavy. [ducks back inside the tub]
Scene: That her toothbrush is now cast with the heavy spell. Bluey, putting toothpaste into the sink and picking the toothbrush up, finds the toothbrush on the ground with a LOT of weight on it. Bluey yelps...
Bluey: Uh, that's weird! [tries to lift it but fails] Oof, it's heavy! [calling out to her mum] Mum, do I definitely need to clean my teeth?!
Chilli: [off-screen] Yes!
Scene: Bluey shrugs.
Bluey: Oh well.
Scene: She instead brushes her teeth with the toothbrush on the floor. Meanwhile, in Bluey's room, Chilli is looking for something...
Chilli: Bluey, what did you do with the party invitation? I need the address!
Scene: Bingo slides the party invitation in from the verandah.
Bingo: Mup!
Chilli: Oh, there it is. I'll just pick it-
Bingo: [pointing the wand at the invitation] Heavy!
Chilli: up...! [She then falls to the ground with the invitation in hand. Bingo giggles.] What?
Scene: She gets up and tries to lift the invitation again, but fails to.
Chilli: Can't pick it up! Oh, well. I'll just have to write it on my hand...
Scene: She picks up a pen...
Bingo: [pointing the wand at the pen] Heavy!
Scene: And Chilli is now weighed down by the very heavy weight of the pen. She yelps.
Chilli: Huh?1 Now this pen is heavy! [tries to lift it up and just about is able to write] Okay... Twenty... six... Nudgee.... Road!
Scene: Bingo giggles as she runs off again.
Scene: In the kitchen, Bandit broom in hand, is struggling to pry the spoon off the ground.
Bandit: What's wrong Bandit? You used to be able to.. [Grunting] lift.. spoons!
Scene: Bluey enters the kitchen from the right of the screen with toothpaste all over her mouth.
Bluey: [While smiling] What are you doing?
Bandit: Nothing! Eat your floor cereal! [Goes back to attempting to pry the spoon off the floor.]
Bluey: Okay! [Starts eating the cereal loudly, while Bandit is still struggling to get the spoon off the floor.]
Bluey: [Pauses] This is the best morning ever! [Goes back to eating the cereal loudly]
Scene: Chilli then enters the kitchen from the right with green drawing over her.
Chilli: Something weird is going on...
Bandit: Yeah tell me about it-
Scene: Bingo, hiding behind the counter, appears in frame.
Bingo: [Pointing the featherwand at the broom] Heavy!
Scene: Bandit then falls gracefully with a broom, pinning him down on the ground.
Scene: Bluey stops eating her cereal, and looks at Bingo behind the counter.]
Bluey: Aah! It's Bingo! [While Bingo hops over Bandit] She's got a featherwand!
Chilli: Get her!
Scene: Bingo, Chilli, and Bluey run out off screen and into the living room. Meanwhile, Bandit is still struggling to get the broom off him.
Bandit: Help!
Scene: Cuts to the living room. Giggling, Bingo is seen running up the stairs with the featherwand in hand, as Bluey and Chilli are seen chasing her.
Bluey: She's trying to stop us from going to Chloe's party!
Scene: Bluey and Chilli are seen going up the stairs. Meanwhile, the frame cuts to Bingo [While laughing] rolling a yoga ball towards the stairs.
Bingo: [Shouting] Heavy!
Scene: Bingo then pushes the heavy yoga ball down the stairs. The frame cuts to Chilli and Bluey stopped half way at the stairs while the yoga ball is flying down from above
Bluey: Aah!
Chilli: Look out!
Scene: Chilli and Bluey the turn around and they both go down the stairs while screaming. The frame cuts to a living room view of Bluey and Chilli hiding behind a couch, while Bingo is at the top of the stairs.
Bingo: [Laughs evilly, and runs away.]
Scene: The frame then cuts to kitchen while Bandit still struggling to get the broom off of him.
Bandit: [Struggling] I didn't think it would end like this.
Scene: The frame zooms out to Chilli and Bluey standing right next to Bandit.
Chilli: We need a new plan!
Bluey: [Wagging her tail] You and me, we get the present and head to the car.
Chilli: Yeah, while bugalugs here [Points at Bandit still struggling to get the broom off of him] distracts Bingo.
Bluey: Good Plan! [Bluey and Chilli fist bump]
Bandit: Aah!
Scene: The frame cuts to the front patio of the house. In the centre of the frame, is the front door. The door swings open and out comes Bandit.
Bandit: Go, go, go!
Scene: Chilli and Bluey run out the door and towards the car yelling. Bluey has Chloe's present in hand.
Chilli: Don't look back!
Scene: Frame cuts to Bandit sitting in the middle of the door frame. Bingo then comes into frame from the right with the featherwand in hand, while laughing.
Bandit: Aah!
Scene: Frame cuts to Bingo's perspective. Bingo is running up to Bandit.
Bandit: Uhhh, you shall not pass?
Scene: Bingo then jumps into Bandit's arms.
Bandit: Oof. [Looks at Bingo] That was easy!
Bingo: [Points the featherwand at herself] Me. Heavy.
Bandit: Aah!
Scene: Bandit then falls to the ground. The frame cuts back to the front patio as Bingo slides over him while laughing. Bingo then goes down the patio stairs. The frame then cuts to Chilli and Bluey next to the car.
Bluey: Hurry, Mum!
Chilli: [Frantically digging through her purse] I'm hurrying!
Scene: Frame cuts back to Bingo running down the patio walkway.
Bingo: [Pointing the featherwand towards Chilli's keys] Heavy!
Chilli: [The keys fall down to the ground] Ooh! Oh, no!
Bluey: [Laughs]
Scene: Frame cuts to Pat walking down the footpath, while Chilli is still attempting to pick up her keys.
Pat: ♪ Walkin' down the footpath ♪
Scene: Bluey sprints over to Pat.
Bluey: Hey Lucky's dad, you have to stop Bingo!
Pat: [Stops walking] Oh, yeah, righto!
Scene: Frame cuts to Pat and Bingo running at each other yelling. Pat then gets into the Naruto pose.
Bingo: [Points featherwand at Pat's hat] Hat, heavy!
Pat: Whoa!
Scene: Pat falls gracefully to the floor.
Pat: [Bingo stepping on him] Oh, aah, aah!
Bingo: [Giggles]
Pat: This hat's heavy!
Scene: Frame cuts to Bluey and Chilli trying to get the keys off the ground to unlock the car.
Bluey: [Struggling] Almost there!
Scene: Frame cuts to Bingo running toward the camera yelling with the featherwand in hand. Bandit is sprinting right behind Bingo. Bandit then picks up Bingo.
Bandit: [In slow motion] Noo!
Bingo: [In slow motion] Aah!
Scene: Frame cuts to the whole front yard.
Bandit: Gotcha!
Bingo: Aah!
Scene: Frame cuts back to Bluey and Chilli. They finally get the car unlocked.
Chilli: [Car unlock beep] We're in!
Scene: Frame cuts back to Bingo and Bandit. Bingo is trying to make Bandit heavy.
Bingo: [Bandit dodging] Heavy, Heavy! [Bandit pauses] Heavy!
Bandit: Aah!
Scene: Bandit falls on his bottom.
Bandit: She got my bum cheek!
Bingo: [Giggles]
Scene: Frame cuts to Chilli in the driver seat buckling her seat belt.
Chilli: Okay, let's go!
Bingo: Heavy!
Chilli: Bluey, come on!
Scene: Frame cuts to the outside of the car.
Bluey: [Grunts] Bingo heavied Chloe's present!
Chilli: Oh, no..
Scene: Chilli unbuckles her seat belt and gets out of the car.
Chilli: That's it. We give up. You win Bingo.
Bingo: Hooray! [Points the featherwand at stuff she's heavied.] Unheavy, Unheavy. Off you go.
Bluey: [Confused] Huh?
Chilli: [Confused] What? You mean we can go?
Bingo: Yeah.
Scene: Chilli [Looks at Bingo] This isn't a trick?
Bandit: [Looks at Bingo while Chilli stares at Bandit] You don't mind missing out on the party?
Bingo: [Smiling] No. [Looks at featherwand] I made my own fun!
Pat: [Laying down on the patio footpath] You sure did!
Chilli: Okay, let's go!
Bluey: [Sad face] Do we have to?
Chilli: Huh?
Bluey: [Looking at the present] I think I wanna' stay.
Chilli: [Confused] Don't you wanna go to Chloe's party?
Bluey: I do, but i just don't wanna miss out on playing featherwand either. [Looks down sadly]
Bandit and Chilli: [Sigh]
Chilli: Well, this is a pickle..
Bandit: Yeah, Bingo. When you make your own fun, you certainly make your own fun!
Chilli: What are we gonna do?
Scene: Bingo walks up to Bluey, calm music plays in the background.
Scene: Bingo It's okay, Bluey. You wont miss out. When you get back, we can.. [Whispers something to Bluey]
Bluey: Ooh, okay! Let's go, Mum! [Opens the back driver side car door]
Chilli: Oh, oh, okay. [Bluey's side door closes]
Scene: Frame cuts to the roof of the house, then back down to Bandit and Bingo.
Bandit and Bingo: [Waving] Bye!
'Bluey: [With a evil face, directed toward Bandit] See you soooon! [Giggles]
Bandit: [Scared voice] Uh, what did you whisper to Bluey? [Horn honks in the background]
Bingo: You'll find out.
Pat: [Hat still on top of his head] Hey, little help!
Scene: Frame cuts to Bingo building a thing out of blocks.
Bingo: ♪ There's a house with a wall, with a wall, with a wall, there's a house with a- ♪
Scene: Front door swings open with Chilli standing in the doorway with Bluey running toward Bingo with a party bag in her hand.
Bluey: Bingo, look! I got a party bag!
Bingo: [Looking at the party bag] Ooh! Is there one for me? [As she touches her index fingers together]
Scene: Bluey; Oh, no. Sorry. You missed out.
Bingo: Oh. Uh, that's okay.
Chilli: [Walking by] Good girl, Bingo.
'Bluey: [Tail wagging] Can we play featherwand now?
Bingo: Yeah.
Bluey: Should we still.. [Whispers something to Bingo]
Bingo: [Laughing] Yeah! [Both Bluey's and Bingo's tail wagging]
Scene: Frame cuts to bathroom, where Bandit walks to the toilet.
Bandit: Just going to the toilet, boss!
Scene: Out of nowhere-
Bluey: Heavy!
Scene: The toilet seat falls down from Bandit's fingers.
Bandit: Aah! Hey!
Bluey and Bingo: [Giggling]
Scene: Bandit struggles to get the toilet lid to open, while Bluey and Bingo laugh in the background.
Bandit: [Panicked] I gotta go to the toilet! Come on!
Bluey and Bingo: [Giggling]
Bandit: [Running out of the bathroom] Aah! Gotta pee!
Scene: Bandit comes flying through the front door.
Bandit: Make way!
Bluey and Bingo: [Appear at the doorway and start giggling]
Bandit: [Sighs]
Wendy: [In the background] Bandit! What are you doing?!
Bluey and Bingo: [Giggling]
Bandit: Aw, yeah. Morning, Wendy!
Scene: End credits play, marking the end of the episode. With Grieg's In the Hall of the Mountain King plays. Bluey does her little dance in the bottom left of the screen.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the Heelers' kitchen.  Chilli puts a casserole in the oven and dusts her hands.
Chilli: Okay, that's morning tea.  Let's get dinner in the slow cooker.
Scene: She walks to the fridge and opens it.  Bingo enters, wearing a pair of deely-bobbers with sparkly love hearts.
Bingo: Mum, I can't find my love heart hairbands.
Scene: Chilli doesn't need to look.
Chilli: They're on your head, love!
Bingo: Oh!
Scene: Bingo shakes her head, making the love hearts wiggle.  Bandit walks up with a PTA form.
Bandit: Hey, babe, you need to sign these.
Scene: Chilli closes the fridge with a punnet of mushrooms in hand.   She takes the PTA form with the other..
Bandit: Alright, let's roll, Bingo.
Scene: Bandit ushers Bingo out of the kitchen.  Bluey enters and hops up on a breakfast bar stool.  Chilli sets the form and mushrooms down on the breakfast bar.
Bluey: Mum?
Scene: Chilli's phone rings.  Caller ID shows a pug in a magenta hat.
Chilli: It's Madge. Two seconds, Bluey, it's work.
Scene: Chilli answers the phone with one hand and signs the document with the other.
Chilli: Hi, Madge! What's up?
Scene: Toast pops out of the toaster.
Chilli: Have you looked in your drawers?
Scene: She fetches the toast and brings it to the breakfast bar.  Bingo runs in, looking for something.
Chilli: Why would Jenny steal your stapler?
Scene: Chilli butters the toast.  Bingo runs in, looking for something.  Chilli points at a child-sized field hockey stick, then hands the buttered toast to Bluey.
Chilli: There.
Bingo: Thank you!
Scene: Bingo grabs the field hockey stick.  Chilli hands her the PTA form too.
Chilli: Mm-hm.
Scene: Chilli puts her hand over the microphone.
Chilli: (whispering) What do you need, honey?
Bluey: Can you play Driving with me?
Chilli: (whispering) Oh, Bluey, I'm a bit busy at the moment. Can we play later?
Bluey: Yeah, that's okay.
Scene: Bluey hops down from the stool.  Chilli throws some mushrooms into the slow cooker.
Chilli: No, she doesn't hate you, Madge.
Scene: Chilli puts her hand over the microphone again.
Chilli: (whispering) I'm sorry, Bluey. I can't just drop everything to play with you. There's things I need to do, okay?
Bluey: It's OK. I understand.
Scene: Bluey walks off.  Chilli watches her go, a bit sadly.  She tosses some more mushrooms in the slow cooker and a dash of herbs, then puts on the lid.
Chilli: Look, Madge, use a paper clip for now and call me back in five minutes.
Scene: She hangs up on Madge, who is still talking.  She intercepts Bluey at the kitchen doorway.
Chilli: Bluey, I've got five minutes. Let's play Driving!
Bluey: For real life?!
Chilli: For real life!
Bluey: Hooray!
Chilli: This episode of Bluey is called: Driving.
Scene: Chilli sits on the kiwi rug in the playroom, with her arms and legs held out.  Bluey hums as she walks past.  She pulls Chilli's left arm aside.
Bluey: Open door.
Scene: She sits down in Chilli's lap, placing her feet on Chilli's feet as pedals.  She pantomimes closing the door.
Bluey: Close door. Clunk!
Scene: She pantomimes buckling her seat belt.
Bluey: Seat belt. Click!
Scene: She pantomimes turning the key.  It takes a moment for the engine to catch.
Bluey: Turn the key. Ee-ee-ee! Br-oo-oo-oo-m!
Scene: Bluey pretends to hold a steering wheel.
Chilli: Okay, that one's stop...
Scene: She points at her left foot and flexes it.
Chilli: ...and that one's go.
Scene: She points at her right foot and flexes it.
Bluey: Go!
Scene: Bluey hits the accelerator.
Chilli: Vroom!  Driving along...
Scene: She points ahead of them.
Chilli: Ooh! Speed bump! Slow down...
Scene: Bluey puts on the brakes.  Chilli jostles her twice, imitating a speed bump.
Chilli: Buh-doop! Buh-doop!
Scene: Bluey giggles.  Chilli holds out her hand.
Chilli: Ah! It's raining!
Bluey: Is it raining hard?
Chilli: (sadly) No.
Bluey: Okay. I'll turn them on to 'sometimes'. Boop!
Scene: Bluey pantomimes turning a dial.  Chilli holds up Bluey's arms, and swishes them from side to side in imitation of windshield wipers.
Chilli: Bzh! Bzh!
Scene: Bluey giggles, and puts her hands back on the wheel.
Bluey: Ooh! traffic light!
Scene: She puts on the brakes, and imitates the sound of brakes squealing.
Bluey: Ewk!  Have to wait for it to turn green.
Scene: She waits patiently.
Bluey: Still red.
Scene: Chilli swishes the windshield wipers again.
Chilli: Bzh! Bzh!
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Chilli: Why don't you put the radio on?
Bluey: Oh, yeah! Boop!
Scene: Bluey pantomimes pressing a button.
Chilli: (formally) —and that was from his early Baroque period.  Now for some Mendelssohn.
Scene: Chilli hums a few notes.  Bluey changes the channel.  Chilli wiggles Bluey back and forth as she animatedly imitates a morning radio show.  Bluey giggles the whole time.
Chilli: (bubbly) Hey, hey! We're back with the B107 brekkie crew— Basho, Flip and Dutsy, and me, Kelly C. We were—
Scene: Bluey points ahead.
Bluey: Oh! Green!
Scene: She accelerates.
Bluey: Vroom!
Chilli: Vroom, vroom.  Is there somewhere you want to go?
Bluey: No. I'm just driving around.  Hi!
Scene: Bluey waves to a pedestrian.
Chilli: Okay.  Vroom, vroom...  Driving along...  Driving along.
Scene: The phone beeps and vibrates.
Chilli: Oh, it's Madge.  Uh... is that enough Driving?
Bluey: Um... yeah.  Thanks, Mum.
Scene: Bluey gets up and sits down at the mushroom-patterned table and chairs.  A tea party is already in progress.  Chilli gets up, too.
Chilli: I'm sorry, Bluey. I'm not very good at this game.
Bluey: That's OK. I can play tea party with Agatha.
Scene: Chilli types up a text message as she talks.
Chilli: It's just the driving around in circles. I think I'm better when I've got a purpose, like doing things for people.
Scene: She sends a message.
Chilli: You know?
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Chilli turns to leave. They're both a bit disappointed.
Bluey: Ooh! Mum, wait!
Chilli: Huh?
Bluey: Ask Agatha if she wants a cup of tea.
Chilli: Oh, okay.
Scene: Chilli walks up to the tea party and leans down to address Agatha, a stuffed cat that bears a striking resemblance to Madge.
Chilli: Do you want a cup of tea, Agatha?
Bluey: (as Agatha) Yes, please!
Chilli: Here you go.
Scene: Chilli pours Agatha a cup of pretend tea.
Bluey: See if she wants milk.
Chilli: Would you like some milk, Agatha?
Bluey: (as Agatha) No!
Scene: Chilli recoils.
Chilli: Oh! Goodness.
Bluey: (as Agatha) That's cow's milk! I want almond milk!
Chilli: Oh. Um... I'm sorry, Agatha. We don't have any almond milk.
Bluey: (as Agatha) Well, go get some!
Chilli: Oh, my!
Bluey: We'll have to pop to the shops!
Scene: Chilli gasps.
Chilli: Why don't we drive?!
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Chilli's phone rings.
Chilli: Ugh.
Scene: She answers the phone.
Chilli: Madge, I'll ring you back in exactly five minutes, okay? I promise. Goodbye.
Scene: She hangs up on Madge, who has just begun talking.
Bluey: (as Agatha) You better be back with my almond milk in five minutes or, so help me, I'll...uh...
Chilli: You'll what.OriginalDisneyBluey: (as Agatha) Pee on your curtains!Bluey: (as Agatha) Scratch your curtains!
Scene: Bluey and Chilli gasp.  Chilli runs to sit down on the rug.
Chilli: Quick, Bluey! Get in the car!
Scene: She pats her lap.  Bluey runs over.
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey gets in.
Chilli: I'll set the timer for five minutes.
Scene: She starts a timer on her phone.  Bluey pantomimes buckling her seat belt.
Bluey: Seat belt, click!
Scene: Chilli points at her feet.
Chilli: Remember, that one's stop, and that one's—
Scene: Bluey floors the accelerator.
Bluey: Go!
Chilli: Aaah!  Vrrrrroooom!  Speed bump! Slow down, Bluey!
Bluey: There's no time!  Vrooom!
Scene: She floors the accelerator again.
Scene: Chilli jostles Bluey.
Chilli: Badum-badump!
Chilli: Corner!  Turn left!
Scene: Bluey turns the wheel hard.  They both lean away from the turn.  Chilli imitates squealing tires.
Chilli: Errrr!
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Chilli: Turn right!
Scene: Bluey turns the wheel hard.  They both lean away from the turn.  Chilli imitates squealing tires.
Chilli: Errrr!
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Chilli: Up a hiiiill!
Scene: Chilli leans back, lifting Bluey off the ground. Bluey giggles the whole time.
Chilli: It's getting steeper!
Scene: She rocks back further.
Chilli: Steeper!
Scene: She rocks back further.
Chilli: Steeper!
Scene: She lays on her back, legs in the air.
Chilli: And... down the hill!
Scene: She rolls back into a sitting position.
Chilli: Oh! It's raining!  And it's raining hard!
Scene: Chilli puts her hands over Bluey's eyes.
Chilli: You can't see!
Bluey: Agh! Windscreen wipers on 'all the time'! Boop!
Scene: She presses a button. Chilli waves Bluey's arms back and forth.  Bluey giggles.
Chilli: Bzh! Bzh! Bzh! Bzh! Bzh! Bzh!
Scene: Bluey puts her hands back on the wheel.
Bluey: I can see!
Scene: Chilli points straight ahead.
Chilli: There's the shop!
Bluey: I'll find the car park!
Scene: Chilli looks at her phone.
Chilli: You've got three minutes!
Bluey: Can I park in the wheelchair spot?
Chilli: No!
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey turns the wheel hard to the right.
Chilli: Vrrroom!
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: Chilli spins them around four hundred and fifty degrees.  Bluey engages the parking brake.
Bluey: Park.
Chilli: Oh, no! The shop's closed!
Bluey: We'll see about that! Vroom!
Scene: Bluey floors the accelerator.
Chilli: Aah!  You're going to ram the shop?!
Bluey: Yep!
Chilli: You can't do that!
Bluey: Too late!
Chilli: Argh!
Scene: Chilli shields her face with her hands.
Bluey & Chilli: Boom!
Scene: Chilli and Bluey flop onto their backs.  After a moment, Chilli waves Bluey's arms from side to side.
Chilli: Bzh. Bzh.
Scene: Bluey sits up and hops out of the car.
Bluey: We're in the shop!
Scene: Chilli sits up and points.
Chilli: Quick! Grab the almond milk!
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Bluey runs out on the verandah, and pretends to take something out of a refrigerated case.  Chilli leans out the doorway.
Chilli: And make sure you pay for it.
Bluey: Okay.  I'll just leave the money on the floor.
Scene: She pretends to set some money on the floor.  Then, she spots something
Bluey: Ohh! It's the guy who owns the shop! And he doesn't look happy!
Chilli: Yeah, 'cause you drove your car into his shop!OriginalDisneyBluey: 'Cause Agatha's gonna pee on my curtains!Bluey: 'Cause Agatha's gonna scratch my curtains!
Chilli: Agh! He's coming!
Scene: Chilli waves for Bluey to come back into the playroom.
Chilli: Get in the car. Get in the car!
Bluey: Aaargh!
Scene: She runs back into the playroom.  Chilli sits down on the kiwi rug.
Chilli: I think you need to have a chat with Agatha when all this is over.
Scene: While Chilli is talking, Bluey hops in and disengages the parking brake.  She backs the car out aggressively.
Chilli: Err-rr!
Bluey: Aah!
Chilli: Floor it!
Scene: Bluey steps on the accelerator.
Chilli: Brmmm...
Scene: Bluey leans out the driver's side and looks behind them.
Bluey: Agh! He's chasing us! OriginalDisneyChilli: You have to lose him! You've got one minute 'til Agatha pees on your curtains!Chilli: You have to lose him! You've got one minute 'til Agatha scratches your curtains!
Bluey: Aah!
Chilli: Put some fast driving music on!
Bluey: Good idea! Boop!
Scene: Bluey pushes a button.  Chilli starts making electronic music noises.  Bluey bounces her head with the beat.
Chilli: Untz, untz, untz, boom! Untz, untz, untz, boom! Robot nation!
Bluey: Quack, quack!  Agh! Baby ducks!
Scene: Bluey swerves, and Chilli leans over on one leg.
Chilli: Errrt
Bluey: Agh!  We dodged the ducks!
Chilli: But you're on two wheels!
Bluey: Argh!
Scene: Bluey climbs up on Chilli's raised leg, and, holding on to her arms, leans way over.
Chilli: Lean over! Lean over!
Bluey: Brrm! Brrm!
Scene: Bluey leans out even further, until Chilli finally tips back into a sitting position.
Bluey: Oof!
Scene: Bluey hops back in Chilli's lap, giggling
Chilli: Vrrrrr! Vrrrr!
Scene: Bluey leans out to look behind them.
Bluey: He's still following us!
Chilli: Spray some milk on his windscreen!
Bluey: But that's for Agatha!OriginalDisneyChilli: Oh, man! Is she really gonna pee on your curtains?Chilli: Oh, man! Is she really gonna scratch up your curtains?
Bluey: Ohhh, she'll do it, alright.
Chilli: Okay, just leave enough for a cup of tea!
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Bluey climbs halfway out the driver's side window and pantomimes spraying milk behind them.
Bluey: Swshh!
Chilli: He's stopping! Good one, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey gets back in her lap.
Bluey: Hooray!
Chilli: Quick! You've got 30 seconds!
Bluey: Oh, no, look!
Scene: Bluey points ahead of them.
Chilli: A traffic jam...
Bluey: Don't worry!
Scene: Bluey pulls a lever.
Bluey: Clonk! Flight mode!
Scene: Chilli's arms spring out straight.  She leans gently from side to side.  The viewpoint drops, so that the silks on the ceiling can suggest clouds.
Chilli: Ohh... ho ho! You've had flight mode
Scene: this whole time?!
Bluey: Yeah. Whoo!
Scene: Bluey waves to someone below them.
Bluey: Hello, down there!
Scene: Chilli's phone timer starts to chime.
Bluey: The alarm! We're out of time!
Scene: Chilli tilts back, then rocks back to a sitting position.
Chilli: Whoa... and... land!  Hurry!
Scene: Bluey grunts and attempts to get up.
Chilli: Seat belts!
Bluey: Agh! Unclip!
Scene: She undoes her seatbelt and gets out. She runs back to the tea party, panting.
Bluey: Agatha, we're back!  We— whoa... no.
Scene: Chilli runs up, holding her phone.
Chilli: What?!OriginalDisneyBluey: She peed on my curtains.
Bluey: (as Agatha) I told you I would.
Scene: Chilli's phone rings.
Chilli: Do you want help cleaning it?Bluey: She scratched up my curtains.
Bluey: (as Agatha) I told you I would.
Scene: Chilli's phone rings.
Chilli: Do you want help fixing them up?
Scene: Bluey shoos Chilli away.
Bluey: No, you talk to Madge. That's okay.
Scene: Chilli goes to answer her phone, but she looks back and makes eye contact with Bluey.  They come together for a hug.
Chilli: Thanks, Bluey.
Bluey: Thanks, Mum.
Scene: Chilli answers her phone and starts walking away.  Bluey walks back to the tea party.
Chilli & Bluey: Okay, let's sort this out.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The arrangement of the episode music from the chase sequence and flight sequence plays over the end credits.  Unlike in the episode, the tune comes to a resolution as the credits end.  Instead of Bluey dancing, Chilli's phone rings and slowly vibrates onto the screen.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Theme song]
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler house. On the deck, Bandit is setting up a barbecue, while Bluey copies him with a fake barbecue made from a bench, a rugby ball, and some trays. They both move their barbecues onto place, take the lids off, clean the grill by scraping it, turn on the gas, and turn the knob, only for nothing to happen.
Bandit: Ugh, come on!
Bluey: Oh, come on!
Bandit: Come on, start!
Bluey: Start! Come on!
Bandit: Come on, you heap of junk!
Bluey: Come on! Heap of junk!
Scene: The barbecue finally lights with a whoosh.
Bluey: Whoosh!
Bluey, Bandit: There it goes.
Bingo [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called: BBQ!
Scene: Later, the barbecue is in full swing. Bandit is cooking sausages while Stripe stands nearby with a beer. Chilli and Trixie are setting the table with plates and sauce. Bluey is cooking at her pretend barbecue. Muffin and Socks are sitting next to Bluey with a bench as the table.
Chilli: (to Trixie) (laughs) You've got to.
Bandit: (to Stripe) And they're blowing the whistle, the farmer's yelling, 'It's dog versus sheep.'
Stripe: Oh, wow.
Chilli: (to Trixie) Don't you hate that dog shampoo? But it does get the ticks.
Scene: Bingo carries a small deck chair over to the bench and sets two plates up in front of Muffin and Socks.
Bingo: There, table set.
Bluey: Almost ready with the sausages, kids.
Muffin: I love sausages!
Socks: (barks excitedly)
Bingo: This is my relaxing chair. It's where I relax.
Scene: Bingo sits on her chair.
Bingo: Ah! So relaxing.
Scene: Chilli puts a bowl of salad on the table and Trixie brings out some more plates.
Chilli: (to Trixie) Tell me about it! Bandit had one on the back of his ear the other day, he kept going 'Oh! Oh!'
Scene: Muffin looks over at the salad.
Muffin: We have to have salad with our barbecue!
Bluey: You're right, Muffin! Bingo, can you be in charge of the salad?
Bingo: Well, I was relaxing in my relaxing chair, but okay.
Scene: On the other side of the deck, Bandit is shielding his eyes from the sun. He picks up a hat.
Bandit: Whew! That sun is hot!
Bingo: Can I borrow this, Dad?
Scene: Bingo steals the hat from Bandit and takes it over to the others, putting it on the bench.
Bandit: Hey!
Bingo: Okay, this is the salad bowl.
Scene: Bingo sits back down in her chair.
Muffin: You need to put salad in it!
Socks: (growl-like barks)OriginalDisneyMuffin: I like capsicum salad!
Bluey: Ooh, me to! I love capsicum!
Socks: (barks) Gleen catsimun.
Muffin: Socks says she likes green capsicum the best.
Bingo: (sighs) Uh, okay. I can get green capsicum. Green is easy.Muffin: I like pepper salad!
Bluey: Ooh, me to! I love peppers!
Socks: (barks) Gleen peppah.
Muffin: Socks says she likes green peppers the best.
Bingo: (sighs) Uh, okay. I can get green pepper. Green is easy.
Scene: Bingo runs over to some succulents elsewhere on the deck. She reaches out to the first one, but it pricks her with a thorn.
Bingo: Aah! Thorns! Oh, here we go.
Scene: She walks over to the next one and pulls off a leaf, but it has a bug on it. The bug screams, and Bingo hastily throws the leaf away.
Bingo: Eek! Bug!
Scene: The bug lands on Bandit's nose.
Bandit: And he was going- Aaahh! Get it off!
Scene: Bandit frantically knocks the bug from his nose to his foot. Stripe laughs. Meanwhile, Bingo is onto the third succulent, which she picks some leaves and stems from.
Bingo: Oh, this one's okay.
Bingo runs back and puts the leaves in the hat.OriginalDisneyBingo: There. Green capsicum salad.
Scene: She sits down in her chair again.
Bingo: Ahhh, so relaxing.
Bluey: Can I have some yellow capsicum? Yellow's my favourite colour capsicum.
Scene: Bingo sighs and gets out of her chair again.
Bingo: Hmm, yellow capsicum.Bingo: There. Green pepper salad.
Scene: She sits down in her chair again.
Bingo: Ahhh, so relaxing.
Bluey: Can I have some yellow pepper? Yellow's my favourite colour pepper.
Scene: Bingo sighs and gets out of her chair again.
Bingo: Hmm, yellow pepper.
Scene: Suddenly, she sees a hanging basket with yellow flowers in it. Bingo squees and runs over to get the flowers from it, but it's too high up for her to reach. She jumps and tiptoes, but that doesn't work either.
Bingo: Almost...
Scene: Bingo runs over to Bandit, who just picked up his beer from a bench. Bingo takes that bench.
Bandit: He doesn't listen to the farmer, he goes straight for the sheep.
Stripe: Oh, no way.
Bingo: Just borrowing this, Dad.
Bandit: Gets five of 'em, They're up over it. They're in the truck...
Scene: Bandit goes to put his beer down on the bench, but it just falls on the ground and spills. Stripe laughs.
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: Bingo drags the bench over to the hanging basket, groaning.
Bingo: It's so heavy! There.
Scene: Bingo gets the bench in place and is about to get the flowers, but Chilli comes along and takes her off it.
Chilli: That's not safe, Bingo.
Bingo: Aah! Aah! Mum!
Scene: Chilli returns the bench to the table. Bingo looks around and sees a tennis ball on the ground.
Bingo: Ooh!
Scene: Bingo picks up the tennis ball and grunts, throwing it at the hanging basket. It hits, causing lots of flowers and petals to fall out. The tennis ball ricochets and hits a can of beer that Bandit just cracked open, causing it to spill.
Bandit: And then- hey!
Stripe: (laughs)
Bandit: Bingo!
Bingo: Got it! Sorry, Dad.
Bingo picks up the flowers and petals, and puts them in the hat with the succulent leaves.OriginalDisneyBingo: Here you go. Yellow capsicum.
Socks: (happy barks)
Bingo: Now I'm gonna relax.
Scene: Bingo sits down in her chair again and sighs. Muffin looks at the collection of capsicums.
Muffin: My favourite capsicum is red capsicum.
Bingo: Red capsicum?!
Scene: Bingo groans and gets out of her chair again.
Bingo: There's no red plants around, though, Muffin.
Muffin: Yes, there is. In that tree.
Scene: Buffin points to the poinciana tree in the backyard.
Bingo: Oh yeah! The poinciana!
Scene: Bingo runs down to the backyard, squealing, and grabs a rake lying on the ground. She uses it to tru to whack some flowers out of the tree, but instead hits seed pods. Lots of seed pots come falling out all around Bingo.
Bingo: Ah! Ah! Aaahh! Red capsicum!!Bingo: Here you go. Yellow pepper.
Socks: (happy barks)
Bingo: Now I'm gonna relax.
Scene: Bingo sits down in her chair again and sighs. Muffin looks at the collection of peppers.
Muffin: My favourite color pepper is red pepper.
Bingo: Red pepper?!
Scene: Bingo groans and gets out of her chair again.
Bingo: There's no red plants around, though, Muffin.
Muffin: Yes, there is. In that tree.
Scene: Buffin points to the poinciana tree in the backyard.
Bingo: Oh yeah! The poinciana!
Scene: Bingo runs down to the backyard, squealing, and grabs a rake lying on the ground. She uses it to tru to whack some flowers out of the tree, but instead hits seed pods. Lots of seed pots come falling out all around Bingo.
Bingo: Ah! Ah! Aaahh! Red pepper!!
Scene: She gives one of the pods a really strong whack, which sends it spinning through the air and into Bandit's head, making him drop and spill yet another beer.
Bandit: I mean- (grunts)
Scene: Stripe laughs again. Bandit leans over the deck to talk to Bingo.
Bandit: Bingo! What are you doing?
Bingo: (yells from the backyard) I'm making a salad!!
Bandit: (backing off) Okay!
Scene: Bingo, now panting and covered in leaves, petals, and twigs, whacks the tree one more time, causing some flowers to fall down.
Bingo: Yaa! Yeah!
Scene: Bingo picks up the flowers and runs upstairs to the deck, putting them in with all the other plants.
OriginalDisneyBingo: (panting) There. Red capsicum.
Muffin: Yeah!
Bingo: (panting) I don't think there's any more colours of capsicum left. So, now... I want to... I'm just gonna relax... in my relaxer chair...Bingo: (panting) There. Red pepper.
Muffin: Yeah!
Bingo: (panting) I don't think there's any more colours of pepper left. So, now... I want to... I'm just gonna relax... in my relaxer chair...
Scene: Bingo collapses into her chair and sighs deeply. Meanwhile, Chilli is putting dressing on the salad with Trixie watching.
Trixie: Ooh, I like that salad dressing, Chilli.
Chilli: Yeah, thanks, I made it myself. It's Auntie Mary's recipe.
Scene: Muffin looks at the dressing, then looks at the flower salad in front of her.
Muffin: We need salad dressing!
Socks: (howls)
Bingo: (panting) Ughhhhh, okay.
Scene: Over on the other side of the deck, Bandit has a bottle of water in his hand.
Stripe: So what did you do?
Bandit: Well...
Bingo: Can I borrow this, Dad?
Scene: Bingo runs over and takes the bottle of water from Bandit.
Bandit: Hey!
Stripe: (chuckles)
Scene: Down in the backyard, Bingo runs to a tap, dumping the water out of the bottle as she goes. She starts to scoop up mud from a little patch near the hose nozzle into the bottle.
Bingo: Mud. More mud. Oh, we're out of mud. I'll have to make some more.
Scene: Bingo runs to the tap and tries to turn it on.
Bingo: Dad! Which way do I turn on the hose?
Scene: She keeps trying.
Bingo: Dad!
Scene: Bandit and Stripe turn around to look down at Bingo.
Bandit: Yes, Bingo?
Scene: Suddenly, the hose turns on, spraying Stripe in the face and making him drop and spill his beer. Bandit laughs.
Bingo: Don't worry, I got it working!
Scene: Bingo aims the hose down into the dried-up mud patch, creating more mud.
Bingo: There, now I'll fill up my jar.
Scene: She goes to put the hose down.
Bingo: I'll just put this down here- AAAAAHHH!!
Scene: The hose starts spraying wildly, showering the deck with rain.
Muffin: It's raining!
Scene: Bandit and Stripe dodge the blast from the hose as Bluey, Muffin, and Socks run up to them, laughing and howling.
Stripe: Bingo, what are you doing down there??
Bandit: Bingo, grab the hose!
Bingo: I'm trying!!
Scene: Bingo screams and giggles as the hose starts directly spraying her.
Bingo: It's tickling my bottom!
Bandit: Forget the hose!
Stripe: Turn off the tap!
Scene: Bingo runs to the tap and starts turning it.
Bandit: No, no, no! The other way! Right to tight!
Bingo: Got it!
Scene: Bingo, now covered with mud and grass bits, successfully turns off the tap. Bluey, Bandit, Muffin, and Stripe cheer, Socks howls.
Bingo: My goodness. This is not relaxing.
Scene: Bingo runs back upstairs, tracking muddy footprints through the house, up to the deck with the bottle of mud She slams it onto the bench with the rest of the salad.
Bingo: (frustrated) Salad dressing! Now I'm going to sit in my relaxer chair and relax! Hmm!
Scene: Bingo collapses into her chair yet again. She closes her eyes, but is startled by Chilli's voice.
Chilli: (offscreen)(angrily) Whose muddy footprints are these?!
Scene: Cut to Bingo using the mop to clean up her footprints. Later, Muffin and Socks have cleared the salad and dressing off the bench to make way for Bluey's sausages.
Muffin: More sausages please, Bluey.
Bluey: Here you go.
Muffin: Thank you.
Scene: Bingo finishes clearing up the muddy footprints and leans the mop against the bench.
Bingo: Phew, finally! I get to relax!
Scene: Bingo falls into her chair again, and sighs. Over at the barbecue, Bandit has finished cooking. Stripe eats a sausage, and quickly realises it's too hot to eat yet.
Bandit: Sausages are ready!
Bluey and Muffin: Sausages!
Socks: (howls)
Bingo: Oh.
Scene: Later, the table is fully set and everyone except Bandit is sitting around it; Stripe tries feeding a hard-boilded egg to Muffin, only for her to refuse and Trixie scratches Socks back. Chilli finishes placing the salads down (with Bluey's help) when Bandit enters with a large tray of sausages.
Bandit: Out of the way, salads!
Scene: Bandit pushes the salad bowls aside to make room for the sausages. Everyone except Bingo and Bandit starts complimenting Bandit on the sausages.
Scene: (simultaneously)
Stripe: Ahaha! Looks good, Bandit! Look at those!
Chilli: Oooh! she takes a sniff They look delicious, Bandit.
Trixie: Woah! Well done, Bandit!
Muffin: Yay! Thanks Uncle Bandit!
Bluey: Good one, Dad! Oh, they look great!
Socks: (happy pants and barks)
Bandit: Why thank you. Thank you very much.
Scene: Bingo, however, is frustrated.
Bingo: (annoyed) Isn't anyone going to mention the salads??
Scene: Pause. Everyone looks around nervously, before starting to praise Chilli and her salads.
Scene: (simultanously)
Scene: Bandit, Trixie and Bluey start clapping while Stripe and Muffin cheer
Bandit: Oh, excellent salads! Oh, look at the greenery!
Trixie: Oh, yes! Excellent salads, Chilli!
Stripe: Yeah!!! Check it out kids, look how good they look!
Muffin: Yeah!!! (starts clapping happily) Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you!
Bluey: Oh yes, excellent salad, Mum.
Socks: (happy howls and pants)
Chilli: (laughing) Thank you, thank you.
Scene: They all laugh, Stripe affectionately rubbing the top of Bingo's head. Chilli hugs Bingo.
Chilli: Thanks, Bingo. Now relax.
Scene: Chilli hands Bingo a sausage sandwich, which Bingo happily takes and eats.
Bingo: Om-yum-yum!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - a chill groove with marimba and flute. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an aerial view of the Heelers' front lawn.  Bandit is just exiting the car.  Bingo and Lila are playing paper-scissors-rock on the front steps.
Bingo, Lila: Paper, scissors, rock.
Scene: Bingo throws scissors, Lila throws rock.
Lila: I win.
Scene: She taps her rock sign on top of Bingos scissors sign, symbolically crushing it.
Bingo: Lucky.
Scene: Bandit walks up to them, holding a large, colorful package.
Bandit: It's your lucky day, kids. Look what I just bought.
Bingo: What is it?
Scene: He shows them the box.  It's a plastic backyard water slide.
Bandit: A water slide!
Bingo, Lila: HOORAY!
Scene: The scene changes to a close-up of the lawn.  The blades of grass are still dewy.  A green, horned caterpillar climbs a blade of grass.  Bandit's immense foot crashes down nearby; the vibration knocks the caterpillar off the blade of grass.
Scene: The scene changes to an aerial view of the back yard.  The waterslide has been unrolled along the back of the yard.  Lila waits by the waterslide as Bandit brings the hose.  Bingo waits by the tap.
Scene: At the start of the slide, Bandit hooks up the hose.  He gives her a thumbs-up.
Bandit: Good to go, Lila.
Scene: Lila gives Bingo a thumbs-up.
Lila: Good to go, Bingo.
Scene: Bingo turns on the tap.
Bingo: Good to go, me.
Scene: Bingo giggles and runs to the slide.  As she arrives, the water jets start to squirt.
Bandit: Whoa! There you go.
Scene: Bingo and Lila squeal in anticipation.  Their tails wag furiously.
Bandit: Have fun, squirts.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the close-up of the lawn.  The caterpillar is once again climbing the blade of grass.  Bandit's huge foot crashes down, again knocking it from its perch.
Bingo: (voiceover) This episode of Bluey is called: Slide.
Scene: Lila stands at the end of the waterslide, Bingo stands a few feet away from the start.
Bingo: Watch me, Lila!
Lila: Okay.
Scene: Bingo takes a running start...
Bingo: Whoo!
Scene: ...and leaps onto the waterslide.  The scene cuts to a face-cam of Bingo sliding on her belly.  She squeals in joy.
Scene: As Bingo slides, Lila runs to the start, watching Bingo go.  The both laugh.
Scene: Lila takes a running jump...
Lila: Yah! Whoo!
Scene: ... and lands in a sitting position.  She spins as she slides.
Lila: Whaa!
Scene: The scene cuts to a face cam; she laughs as she spins.
Scene: She reaches the end of the slide, where Bingo is waiting.
Lila: Whoo-hoo!
Bingo: We are the luckiest kids in the world!
Scene: They run back around to the start.
Lila: Let's go down together.
Scene: They clasp hands.
Bingo: Ready?
Lila: Ready.
Bingo, Lila: Let's gooo!
Scene: They take a running leap, and slide on their bellies.
Bingo, Lila: Whoo!
Scene: They both laugh.
Bingo: Oh, no! Stop! Stop!
Scene: Bingo tries to brake with her free hand.
Lila: What? Why?
Bingo: Just stop!
Lila: Okay.
Scene: They both use both hands to stop.  They imitate squealing brakes.
Bingo, Lila: Rrrrr!
Lila: Why did we stop?
Bingo: There's a leaf bug in the way.
Scene: Bingo points to a tiny walking leaf, slowly crossing the slide.
Lila: Aw! She's so cute.
Bingo: You have to be more careful, Leaficus.
Lila: You're lucky we didn't squash you.
Bingo: I'll move her off the slide.
Scene: Bingo fetches a twig from the lawn.  She places it in the leaf bug's path, and it climbs on.
Bingo: Come on, little fella.
Scene: The close-up shot of the lawn returns.  The caterpillar crawls from one blade of grass to another.  Behind it, a massive stick sets the leaf bug down.
Scene: Back at the regular scale, Bingo puts down her twig and gives Lila a thumbs-up.
Bingo: Okay. You can go, Lila.
Lila: Hooray!
Scene: Lila takes a running start.
Bingo: Bye, Leaficus.
Scene: Bingo waves goodbye to the leaf bug.  She turns around, and spots a ladybird in the slide.
Bingo: Ah, wait! Stop!
Lila: Hey, what?
Scene: Lila already has one foot on the slide.  She tries to stop but falls over backwards, sliding down the slide on her back.
Lila: Whaa!
Scene: Further down the slide, Lila coasts to a stop, just short of the insect.
Lila: Ooh...
Scene: Bingo crouches down to look at it.
Bingo: It's a ladybird.
Lila: Ooh, I love ladybirds. We can't squish them.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close-up of the ladybird.  Bingo puts her index finger in front of it.
Bingo: Come on, ladybird.
Scene: It climbs onto her finger.  The scene goes back to regular scale, as Bingo stands up and puts it in the grass.  Meanwhile, Lila turns over and spots an ant.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close-up of the ant.  Lila's finger points at it.
Lila: Hey. Now there's an ant on the slide.
Scene: The scene goes back to regular scale again.
Lila: Bingo, can we squish ants?
Bingo: Well...
Scene: Bingo scratches the back of her head.
Bingo: I don't like them as much as ladybirds, but I still don't think we should squish them.
Scene: A second ant wanders into frame.
Lila: Me neither. Come on.
Scene: Lila puts down her finger in front of the ant.  The ant turns the other way.
Lila: Oh, there's another one.
Bingo: What are we gonna do?
Lila: Ooh, I know.
Scene: The scene cuts back to a close-up of the grass.  The caterpillar has almost reached the edge of the waterslide. With a rubbery noise, the edge of the slide moves out of frame.
Scene: Back at regular scale, Bingo and Lila are rolling up the edges of the waterslide.
Lila: If we make walls, the little bugs won't be able to get over them.
Bingo: Oh, yeah!
Scene: Bingo giggles as they finish.
Lila: There.
Bingo: Lucky you're so smart, Lila.
Scene: Laughing, Bingo takes a running start and jumps onto the slide, sliding down on her bottom.  Lila runs alongside her.  Bingo howls.
Scene: Ahead of her, a grasshopper leaps onto the slide.
Bingo: Ahh! Grasshoppers can fly?! I can't stop!
Scene: Bingo shrieks.  She manages to hop over the grasshopper.  She reaches the end of the slide.
Bingo: Whew. That was close.
Scene: Lila attempts to get the grasshopper to climb onto a stick.
Lila: Yeah, grasshopper. You're lucky Bingo can fly too.
Bingo: The walls aren't working. The bugs just fly over them.
Scene: The grasshopper suddenly flies away.
Lila, Bingo: Ahh!
Scene: Back at the close-up of the lawn, the caterpillar has one again reached the edge of the waterslide.  It begins climbing the side.
Scene: Bingo and Lila stand at the start of the waterslide.  Bingo looks a bit frustrated.
Lila: Bingo, what if we just close our eyes and slide down?
Bingo: What would that do?
Lila: Well, we wouldn't see if we squished any bugs.
Bingo: Mmm...I'm not sure about that.
Scene: Lila shrugs.
Lila: Should we just try it?
Bingo: Okay.
Lila: Here I come.
Scene: Bingo takes a running start.  She drifts left, towards where Lila is standing.
Lila: Bingo! Look out! Ahh!
Scene: Bingo bowls over Lila.
Lila, Bingo: Oof!
Scene: They both giggle.
Bingo: That didn't work.
Lila: Well, lucky it didn't. Look!
Scene: Lila points at an iridescent beetle on the slide.
Bingo: Whoa. He's all rainbowy.
Scene: The shot briefly cuts back to the caterpillar, now climbing the side of the slide.  When we cut back to Bingo and Lila, they're both sitting down at the start of the slide.
Lila: I don't think we can waterslide at all.
Bingo: This isn't fair, little bugs!
Lila: They can't understand you.
Bingo: I know.
Lila: We definitely can't squish them, can we?
Bingo: My nana squishes bugs.
Lila: Mine, too.
Bingo: But my mum doesn't.
Lila: Neither does mine. She says they have a mummy and a daddy who would miss them.
Bingo: But we can't just not slide.
Lila: I think we're unlucky and it's the bugs that are lucky.
Bingo: Can bugs be lucky?
Lila: Well, they're lucky my nana isn't here.
Scene: The caterpillar continues to crawl up the side of the slide.  Bluey and Lila are now lying on their backs, looking up at the sky.
Lila: Ooh, I know!
Bingo: What?
Lila: How about one person slides down slowly and checks for bugs? And if there was no bugs, she yells 'No bugs!' And then the other person can slide down.
Bingo: Yeah! And pretend it's a job.
Lila: Yeah! Bug inspector.
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bingo: Okay.
Lila: I'll go first.
Scene: The shot cuts away to the tap.  Water leaks from the hose connection.  Back at the waterslide, Lila lies on her stomach, holding a small stick in each hand.  Bingo gives her a push.
Bingo: Off you go, bug inspector.
Scene: Lila slowly slides down the slide.  She squints, looking closely for bugs.  She spots a brown and blue spotted beetle.
Lila: Oop. Bug.
Scene: She scoops it up with a twig.  After a moment, the beetle flies off.
Lila: Bug's gone!
Bingo: Good one bug inspector.
Scene: Lila reaches the end of the slide.  She stands up, and holds her sticks aloft.
Lila: Okay. No bugs. Go, Bingo! Quickly!
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo takes a running start, and leaps onto the slide.
Bingo: Whoo!
Scene: Bingo slides on her belly, squealing and giggling.  She reaches the end of the slide.
Bingo: Thanks, bug inspector.
Lila: Your turn.
Scene: Lila hands Bingo the sticks.
Scene: The scene cuts to the caterpillar.  It's now climbing down one of the slide walls.  It loses its footing, and slides down onto the main slide.  It shakes its head and resumes crawling forward.
Scene: Back at the start of the slide, Lila gives Bingo a push.
Lila: And go! Hee-hee!
Scene: Bingo slides slowly down the slide, sticks at the ready.  She squints, looking carefully for bugs.
Bingo: No bugs... Wait!
Scene: She brakes with her hands.
Bingo: Ooh, a caterpillar.
Scene: She comes to a stop.
Bingo: Lila, come and see.
Scene: Lila gets down on her hands and knees to look.
Lila: Wow. He's so beautiful.
Bingo: You're lucky we have a bug inspector, Mister Caterpillar.
Scene: Bingo puts a stick in front of it.  The caterpillar turns aside.
Lila: Yeah. Or you...
Bandit: (offscreen) Make way!!
Bingo, Lila: Huh?
Scene: Bandit runs across the yard towards the start of the slide.
Bandit: Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Bingo: Ah!
Bingo, Lila: Stop!
Scene: Bandit discards his hat as he rounds the corner of the yard.
Bandit: Can't stop the big blue guy!
Bingo: Dad! NOOO!
Lila: Move Mister Caterpillar!
Scene: Bingo keeps moving the stick in front of the caterpillar.  Lila waves it towards the stick.  It continues to turn away.
Bingo: I'm trying!
Bandit: Whoo! Yeah!
Scene: With a ninja kick, Bandit enters the waterslide, sliding on his back.
Bandit: Ho-ho!
Lila: Hurry up, Bingo!
Bingo: He's not getting on!
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit's bum, bearing down on them.
Bandit: Yah-ha-ha!
Bingo: Quick! Grab the wall!
Scene: They abandon the caterpillar and get off the slide.
Bandit: Whoo-hoo!
Scene: Bingo and Lila grab the side of the slide and start to pull it aside.
Bandit: Hey. What? What are you doing?
Scene: Bingo and Lila have pulled the end of the slide into a ninety-degree turn.
Bandit: Ah!
Scene: He goes right over the wall of the slide, then skids groin-first into a garden gnome—and then the bushes.
Bandit: Ough!
Bingo: Phew!
Scene: Oblivious, Mister Caterpillar continues crawling across the end of the slide.
Lila: That was close.
Bandit: What was that about?!
Bingo: (emphatically) You have to wait for the bug inspector!
Bandit: I don't know that is.
Scene: Bingo sets down a leaf, which the caterpillar crawls onto. Bingo carries it over to an agapanthus.
Lila: There you go, little fella.
Scene: The caterpillar crawls from Bingo's leaf to the agapanthus leaf.
Bingo: Bye.
Scene: Bingo and Lila run off.  The caterpillar crawls to the underside of the leaf, and hangs from its tail.  In a time-lapse, it spins a cocoon and pupates.  A butterfly with bright blue wings with black edges emerges.  It flies upwards and vanishes into the sky.
Scene: The camera pans back down to Bingo's kindy.  Bingo and Lila sit on the front steps, playing paper-scissors-rock.
Bingo, Lila: Paper, scissors, rock.
Scene: Bingo throws paper, Lila throws rock.  Bingo covers Lila's rock sign with her paper sign.
Bingo: I win!
Lila: Oh, lucky!
Scene: The blue butterfly lands on their clasped hands. Bingo and Lila gasp.
Bingo, Lila: (awed) Whoa!
Scene: The butterfly takes flight again.  They watch it leave.
Bingo: That's lucky.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode's bug theme, a sweet melody on recorder and strings, continues as the end credits play.  Mister Caterpillar crawls across the screen from left to right.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in a park.  A shelter has been decorated with balloons and flags, and the picnic cable within is covered with treats.  Presents are piled nearby, and a piñata hangs from a nearby tree.
Scene: Buddy's Mum is fetching a drink from a cooler.  Bandit, Jasper's Mum, Pom Pom's Mum, Missy's Mum, and Chilli set at the picnic table, talking.  Pat stands next to the table, joined in the conversation.  Jasper G., Missy, Lila, Bingo, Chucky, Buddy, and Pom Pom sit in a circle, ready to play Pass the Parcel. Lila's brother reaches for the piñata.  Sheila walks up to the kids, holding a phone and Bluetooth speaker.
Sheila: Are you ready for Pass the Parcel, kids?
The children: Yeah!
Bingo: I love Pass the Parcel!
Lila: Me too!
Scene: Lila's brother giggles and pulls down the piñata.  Candy spills out.  The kids laugh at this.
Sheila: Oh no! Uh... Pat, would you mind doing the music?
Scene: She hands Pat her phone, and runs off to deal with the piñata.
Pat: Yeah, too easy, Sheila.  Ready kids?  I'll just close my eyes.
Scene: The viewpoint pulls back to include Sheila in the shot.  She's got her son in one hand, and is putting candy back in the piñata with the other.
Sheila: Uh... Pat, no.  You have to stop on each kid once.
Pat: What? Why?.
Chilli: So everyone gets a prize.
Pat: But how can everyone get a prize?
Scene: There's just one in the middle.
Chilli: No, there's a prize in each layer.
Pat: What?!
Chilli: So no-one misses out.
Pat: Eh, Bandit, you hearing this?
Bandit: Yeah. Where you been, mate?
Chucky: Start the music, Dad!
Pat: Look, when I was a kid, there was only one—
The Kids: Start the music!
Scene: Pat flinches back.
Pat: Okay, okay! I'll start! But this is not how you play Pass the Parcel.
Scene: Pat, visibly annoyed, presses play.  A simple violin tune begins to play.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called: Pass the Parcel.
Scene: The music continues to play as the kids pass the parcel.
Pat: Okay, and stop!
Scene: He stops the music.  The package is in Bingo's hands.
Bingo: Hooray, it's me!
Scene: She tears off the outer layer of paper, revealing a plastic bracelet with a heart charm.
Lila: Ooh, it's a bracelet!
Scene: Pat shakes his head in disappointment.
Pat: Ah, this is just wrong.
Scene: He hits play, and the music resumes.  the kids start passing the parcel again.  This time, it stops on Pom Pom.
Pom Pom: It stopped on me!
Scene: She tears of a layer of paper, revealing an orange lolly.
Pom Pom: Lollipop!
Other Pups: Yeah!
Pat: Okay, Lila this time.
Scene: He starts the music, the kids resume passing.
Pat: Stop!
Scene: The package stops in Lila's hands.
Pat: Ah! Good one, Pat.
Scene: Lila tears open a layer of paper, revealing a plastic bracelet with a star charm.  Lila gasps.
Bingo: You got a bracelet too!
Scene: Pat restarts the music.  He kneels down next to Missy as the kids pass the parcel.
Pat: Hey, Missy, have you had a go yet?
Missy: No.
Scene: Pat stands up.
Pat: Okay, and stop!
Scene: He presses pause.  The music keeps playing.  The package passes Missy by.
Pat: I said stop!
Scene: He keeps tapping on the screen.
Pat: Argh, these touch screens!  Stop!
Scene: The package stops with Pom Pom.
Pom Pom: Me again!
Pat: Oh, no, that was supposed to be hers.
Scene: the kids look concerned at this declaration.  Pat takes the package.
Pat: Here, give it here.
Pom Pom: Argh! But it stopped on me, Lucky's Dad.
Pat: (pained) Oh, man, I'm not cut out for this.
Scene: Bingo and Lila touch their bracelets together and squeal happily.
Scene: The scene cuts to an invitation to Chucky's fifth birthday, mounted on a fridge.  It has several cut-out photos, showing Chucky playing rugby and cricket, on the beach, and sleeping in a car seat.
Pat: Balloons are blown up, Janelle!
Scene: In the Labradors' kitchen, Pat holds a double-armful of balloons.  Janelle is wrapping candy and small toys into a parcel.
Janelle: Thanks.  I'm almost there with Pass the Parcel.
Scene: Pat sets his balloons down on the kitchen counter.  They bounce everywhere.  Job done, Pat turns to leave.
Pat: : Oh, hang on.  Are you putting a present in every layer?
Janelle: Yeah, of course.
Pat: : No way. I want to play it the proper way. None of this present-every-layer business. Put one big present in the middle. Winner gets that.
Janelle: Well, what about everyone else?.
Scene: Pat shrugs.
Pat: : They have to suck it up.
Scene: Janelle rolls her eyes.
Janelle: That's not how it's done anymore, Pat.
Pat: : I'm putting my foot down, Janelle. We're raising a nation of squibs.
Janelle: Fine! But you're handling it!
Scene: She shoves the wrapping paper and toys towards Pat and folds her arms.
Pat: No worries. You watch. This will blow their minds.
Scene: The scene cuts to Chucky's birthday party, in the event space at an indoor playground.  The same people are in attendance from the last party, with the addition of Janelle.  The adults sit around a table, with a plate of party subs.  The kids sit in a circle on the floor.  A pile of gifts sits on another table behind them.  In the background, Gruber, Lucky, and Bluey can be seen riding the playground's inflatable slides.
Scene: Pat brings a parcel and a paint-spattered boombox over to the kids.
Pat: Ready for Pass the Parcel?
Pups: Yeah!
Pat: We're gonna mix this up a bit, kids.  You're gonna love it.
Scene: Pat turns his back, and hits play on the boom box.
Pat: Go!
Scene: A peppy electronic tune begins to play, and the kids pass the parcel around.  Pat bounces to the music.
Pat: See now? I'm not looking. I'm just going to push this button at any time.
Scene: He stops the music.  Bingo has the package.  She squeals happily.
Other Pups: Yay, Bingo!
Scene: Bingo tears open the wrapping paper.  She picks up the parcel to look underneath it.
Bingo: I can't find the present.
Scene: Pat puts his hand on his hip, proudly.
Pat: Uh... yep. That's right.
Lila: Check under your legs.
Scene: Bingo lifts her legs one at a time to look underneath them.
Bingo: Lucky's Dad, where's the present?
Pat: Uh... now, you see? There isn't one. There's just one big present in the middle.
Lila & Bingo: What?
Chilli: Yeah, what?
Scene: The view pulls back.  The parents are unimpressed.
Pat: (to the parents) We're playing it the proper way.
Pat: (to the kids) Okay, let's go.
Scene: He starts the music, closes his eyes, and shimmies to the music.
Pat: Keep passing.
Scene: Bingo holds onto the present protectively.
Bingo: So I don't get a present?
Pat: No, 'cause just like in real life, you—
Scene: Bingo wails and runs to cling to Chilli.  Chilli glares at Pat.  He scratches the back of his head, embarrassed.
Pat: Oh, boy. Uh... She'll be right.
Pat: (to the kids) Come on, just keep passing.
Scene: They pass the parcel around.  It stops on Buddy.  He opens it, receiving nothing.
Buddy: Mummy!
Scene: Buddy runs to hug his mum, who also glares at Pat.  The music resumes, and the kids pass the parcel.
Pat: And stop!
Scene: Missy runs off, wailing.  Pat starts the music.
Pat: (to the parents, defensively) This is how you're supposed to play it!
Bandit: This isn't the '80s, Pat!
Pat: Uh, Janelle?
Scene: Chucky runs to Janelle for a hug.  Chilli pats Bingo's head.
Janelle: Don't look at me, mate.
Scene: Buddy and Missy howl sadly in their respective mums' laps.
Scene: Pat starts to sweat.
Pat: Oh, man!
Pom Pom: Lucky's Dad, do I not win anything?
Pat: Oh! It's okay.  You won five bucks.  Here.
Scene: Pat gets out his wallet and hands Pom Pom a five dollar bill.
Pat: And so did you.
Scene: He hands a five dollar bill to Missy.
Pat: Everyone wins five bucks.  Wait, who can break a 20?
Scene: Pat waves a twenty dollar bill in the air.  The parents all display some mixture of annoyance or confusion, except for Bandit, who is enjoying this. Pat runs over to the present table and grabs a pair of presents.
Pat: Actually, look— take one of these.
Scene: He hands a present to Lila.
Scene: Chucky screams.
Chucky: AAAGH! Dad!  They're my presents!
Scene: Lila sets aside her, or Chucky's, gift, and passes the parcel to Jasper.
Chucky: Give it back, Dad!
Pat: Aw, Chucky, you've got plenty.
Scene: The song ends with the package in Jasper's hands.  He opens it, revealing an octopus-themed water pistol.  He holds it aloft, tail wagging furiously.
Jasper: Oh, YEAHHH!
Scene: In the car, on the way home, Chilli is driving.  Bandit is eating a sub from the party.
Chilli: Well, that was fun, wasn't it?
Bingo: Yes. Except for Pass the Parcel.  I don't like Lucky's Dad's rules.
Chilli: Yeah... It's hard when you don't win.
Bingo: Yes. It is.
Chilli: Maybe next time.
Scene: The scene cuts to an invitation to Jasper's fifth birthday party.  It features photos of him running in a park, doing karate, and eating ice cream with Jasper W.
Jasper's Mum: Okay, that's kid number five...
Scene: In the dining room, Jasper's Mum is wrapping Pass the Parcel.  Jasper walks up, carrying his water pistol.
Jasper: Mum, where's my—
Scene: Jasper's Mum covers the parcel with her hands, and waves Jasper away.
Jasper's Mum: Argh! Out, out!
Jasper: Why?
Jasper's Mum: I'm wrapping Pass the Parcel for your birthday tomorrow.
Jasper: Oh! Can you do it Lucky's Dad's way?
Jasper's Mum: With only one present in the middle?
Jasper: Yeah, but as good as this one.
Scene: He holds up the water pistol for emphasis.
Jasper's Mum: Honey... that was a bit of a disaster.
Jasper: No, it was awesome. Pleeease?
Scene: The camera slowly zooms in on Jasper's Mum as she considers.
Scene: Jasper's birthday party is held at a different indoor playground with a space theme.  The parents sit around small tables, eating pizza - though Janelle and Chilli are missing from group this time.  The kids are playing in the playground - Jasper chases Pom Pom across a bridge, Missy plays in the ball pit, Lila slides down a slide.  Chucky runs past a porthole, and Buddy is picking his nose.
Jasper's Mum: Time for Pass the Parcel!
Scene: Pat spits out his drink.
Lila & Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: A little later, the kids have sat down in a circle for Pass the Parcel.
Jasper's Mum: Okay, kids... and parents.  Jasper has asked that we play Pass the Parcel by Lucky's Dad's rules.
Scene: Everyone but Pat, Jasper, and his mum sigh loudly.
Pat: They're not my rules!
Lila & Bingo: Oh, what?!
Jasper's Mum: So let's just do our best, okay?
Pups: Okay...
Jasper's Mum: (sighing) Here we go.
Scene: She presses play on her phone, and a peppy electronic tune plays.  the kids pass the parcel.  It stops on Bingo.
Bingo: Ooh, it's me!
Scene: She tears off a layer of paper, receiving nothing.
Bingo: Aww.
Lila: Sorry, Bingo.
Scene: The music resumes.  Buddy is conspicuously slow to pass the parcel.
Chucky: Keep passing!
Scene: Chucky grabs the package and passes it on.  Buddy flinches.
Scene: The package stops on Lila.
Lila: Ah, it's me!
Scene: She doesn't get anything.
Lila: Ohh.
Bingo: Sorry, Lila.
Scene: The music starts, and Lila passes the package on.  This time, it stops on Missy.
Buddy: Ohh.
Scene: Missy opens the package—it's a kid-friendly drone, with a bird theme.
Missy: Oh! It's an aero-copter-bopter
Scene: Bingo runs off.
Other Pups: Whoa!
Buddy: (excited) I was so close!
Scene: Bingo runs up to Bandit.
Bingo: Daaaad!
Scene: He hugs her.  She sobs into his stomach.
Bandit: Maybe next time.
Scene: The scene cuts to an invitation to Buddy's fifth birthday.  It has cut out pictures of him holding a toy whale, eating ice cream, finger-painting, and asleep in a car seat, midway through eating some cheese puffs.
Scene: The scene cuts to Buddy's party at Wynnum Whale Park.  Most of the adults are gathered around a table with fairy bread and refreshments.  Jasper's Mum, Missy's Mum, and Chilli chat at an ocean overlook in the background.  the kids play in a water fountain.  Jasper and Missy are playing with the toys they won from previous rounds of Pass the Parcel.
Buddy's Mum: Ready for Pass the Parcel?
Pups: Yeah!
Buddy: We're doing Lucky's Dad's rules!
Scene: Bingo drops her arms, crestfallen.
Missy & Jasper: Hooray!
Scene: Jasper squirts his water pistol at Missy's drone.  She ducks it down, out of the way.  Pat turns around, shocked.
Pat: Did they say 'hooray'?
Scene: The kids circle up.  Buddy's Mum puts on a bouncy electronic tune, and the kids start passing.
Bingo: Pleeeease let me win this time!
Scene: The package stops on Pom Pom.  She rips off a layer of paper, and then passes it on when the music starts.
Scene: The package stops on Chucky.  He rips off a layer of paper, and then passes it on when the music starts.
Scene: The package passes Bingo, who passes it very slowly.  However, the music stops just after she lets go.
Lila: It's me!
Scene: Bingo looks disappointed.
Scene: Lila opens the present - it's a bubble shooter.
Lila: Ah! Bingo! Look!
Scene: Seeing how excited Lila is, Bingo perks up.
Bingo: Wow!
Scene: Lila laughs, and sprays bubbles overhead.
Pups: Oooh!
Scene: Bingo pops a few bubbles with her finger.
Lila: I love Lucky's Dad's rules!
Pups: Yeah!
Janelle: (to Pat) What've you started?
Scene: On the ride home, Chilli is driving once again.  Bandit is eating a slice of fairy bread.
Chilli: I'm sorry you didn't win Pass the Parcel, Bingo.
Bingo: It's okay.  I don't mind.
Chilli: Really?
Bingo: Yeah. When Lila is happy, I'm happy.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo.
Bingo: Maybe next time.
Scene: The scene cuts to show an invitation to Pom Pom's fifth birthday.  It has cut out photos showing her in a pile of plush toys, sliding down a slide, blowing bubbles, and getting her face painted with a butterfly pattern.
Chilli: You know what, Bingo? I think you're getting quite good at losing.
Scene: At Pom Pom's party, the kids sit in a circle as Pom Pom's mother plays music.  The package stops just before Bingo.  Chucky wins a toy boat.  He raises his arms in celebration, and Bingo smiles.
Scene: The scene cuts to Muffin's birthday invitation.  Cut out photos show her screaming with a tiara and fairy wings on, about to eat a cupcake, and smiling widely, wearing face-paint and a unicorn horn.
Scene: Muffin's party is under a large spreading tree at a farm.  The Pony Lady is there with Buttermilk.  Bluey, Juniper, Bingo, Muffin, Socks, and two kids we have not seen before sit in a circle, passing a parcel.  Bandit chats with Stripe in the background, and Chilli is sitting at a picnic table with Juniper's Mum and brother.
Scene: The parcel stops on Muffin.  It's a stack of picture books.  Her face falls.  She picks one up - it's got a boring picture of a toucan on it, implying that these are educational. Muffin screams and throws the book over her head.
Scene: The scene cuts to an invitation to Missy's fifth birthday party.  Photo cut outs show Missy holding hands with friends, playing in sand, building with blocks, and showing off a finger-painting of flowers.
Scene: Her party is at a backyard pool.  Sheila, Pat, Jasper's Mum, Bandit, and Chilli chat at a picnic table.  Buddy's Mum and Pom Pom's Mum chat by the poolside.  the kids pass a parcel while Missy's Mum plays the music.
Scene: Bingo passes the parcel to Pom Pom, who wins. She gets a blue Chattermax.  Bingo shrugs at Chilli and smiles.  Chilli smiles back.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey's seventh birthday invitation.  It shows Bluey at the beach, showing off her cowrie shell, Bluey playing in the creek, an instant photo of Bluey, age 1, looking at a clover, and Bluey, wearing a swim cap, proudly holding up a second-place ribbon.
Scene: In the Heelers' living room, Bluey and Bingo are putting together paper chains.  Chilli walks in.
Chilli: Bluey, how do you want to do Pass the Parcel tomorrow?
Bluey: Um... I'll let Bingo choose.
Bingo: Really? Thanks, Bluey.
Chilli: Which way do you wanna play, Bingo?
Bingo: Hmm...
Scene: The scene cuts to the party, in the Heelers' back yard.  Honey, Chloe, Mackenzie, Muffin, Chucky, Lucky, Bluey, Bingo, and Lila sit in a circle to play Pass the Parcel.  Strip, Trixie, Socks, Sheila, and Pat sit on the verandah steps, and Janelle sits on the paulownia tree bench.  Chilli stands next to her.  Bandit walks up to the kids.
Bandit: Okay, ready for Pass the Parcel?
Pups: Yeah!
Bandit: I think it's only fitting to let Lucky's Dad do the honours.
Scene: The grown-ups cheer for Pat, who looks surprised.  Trixie and Chilli pat him on the back.  He stands and walks over.
Pat: Oh, righto! Good on youse.
Scene: He takes Bandit's phone and the parcel, and hands the parcel to Lila.
Pat: Which rules are we playing, Bluey?
Bluey: I left it up to Bingo to choose.
Lila: Did you choose Lucky's Dad's rules?
Bingo: You'll see!
Pat: Well, Bingo, whatever way is okay with me.
Janelle: What happened to raising a nation of squibs?
Pat: Ah, look.  Let 'em have some fun.
Pat: (to the kids) Let's get a bit rockin', eh?!
Scene: Pat starts playing rock music.  The kids start passing.
Pat: Oh, yeah, this is a good song!
Scene: Pat starts pumping his fist in time with the music.
Singer: ♫ Whoa, whoa, whoa... ♫
Pups: Lucky's Dad!
Pat: Oh, yeah, sorry.
Scene: He pauses the music.  Lila tears off a layer of wrapping paper. Lila looks under the package to make sure.
Lila: Nothing!
Everyone but Pat: Lucky's Dad's rules!
Pups: Hooray!
Scene: Pat starts the music back up.
Pat: YEAH!
Scene: The package stops on Mackenzie, he tears off a layer of paper.
Singer: ♫ Whoa, whoa, whoa... ♫
Scene: It stops on Bluey.  She tears off a layer of paper.
Singer: ♫ Yeah, oh, yeeeeah! ♫
Scene: The package stops on Lila.
Lila: Oh, Bingo.
Bingo: It's okay.
Pat: Wait for it!
Scene: The music hadn't stopped after all - it was just a pause before the last guitar riff.
Lila: Ah!
Lila passes the package to Bingo.  The song actually ends.  Bingo opens the package, revealing a bird-shaped kite.  Bingo gasps.  She leans back and yells into the sky: 
Bingo: BIRDIE KITE!
Other Pups: Yeah!
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: Pat's rock song plays over the end credits.  Bingo's birdie kite flies against the sky-blue background.
Singer: ♫ Oh, yeah, yeah! Whoo! ♫
Singer: ♫ Oh, yeah! ♫
<|endoftext|>
Jack: Mum!
Jack's mum: Hey, Jack! Oh!
Jack's mum: How was your first day at your new school?
Jack: Good.
Jack's mum: Tell me all about it.
Jack: Well, we drove there in the car and I couldn't sit still, as usual.
Jack's dad: Come on, Jack. Can you sit still, mate?
Jack: Yes, Dad.
Jack's dad: Did you remember your hat?
Jack: Um, my hat. Where's my hat?
Jack: Ooh, look, a goat!
Scene: (goat maahs)
Jack's dad: Jack, your hat?
Jack: I forgot it.
Jack's dad: Oh, Jack, what are we going to do with you. mate?
Lulu: Dad, Jack's still not sitting still!
Jack's dad: Jaaaack.
Jack: Sorry, I forgot.
Lulu: Why can't you do as you're told?
Jack: I don't know.
Jack: Then we got to school and I met my teacher, Calypso.
Calypso: Well, hello.
Calypso: You must be my new student.
Jack: I'm Jack.
Lulu: Jack can't sit still or remember anything.
Jack: Grr!
Calypso: Well, I think you should go and play with that red kelpie down there. (the red kelpie Calypso is referring to is Rusty)
Jack: Ok. Bye, Dad!
Jack's dad: You have fun, mate!
Jack: I will!
Jack: And that's when I met Rusty.
Jack: What are you playing?
Rusty: I'm playing army.
Rusty: I'm about to go on Patrol.
Jack: Can I be in the army?
Rusty: Well, maybe.
Rusty: Can you do as you're told?
Jack: No. I'm not good at what I'm...
Rusty: Attention!
Jack: Ah!
Rusty: On the left! Quick march!
Rusty: Hup-hup-hup halt!
Rusty: On the right!
Rusty: March! Hup-hup-hup halt!
Rusty: Salute!
Rusty: Yeah, you can play.
Jack: This episode of Bluey is called Army.
Rusty: You can't just start as a soldier.
Rusty: You have to go through basic training.
Rusty: Where you learn all the stuff from your drill sergeant.
Rusty: That's me.
Jack: Oh. Ok.
Rusty: Where's your hat, Recruit Russell?
Jack: I forgot it, Sergeant.
Rusty: You can use my spare.
Rusty: But from now on, keep track of your own equipment.
Jack: Yes sergeant.
Rusty: Hup!
Jack: Hup!
Scene: (both laugh)
Jack: Rusty took me into the bush to learn army stuff.
Jack: The first thing I had to learn was heaps of hand signals.
Rusty: Stop!
Scene: (Jack showing hand signals)
Jack: This one means stop!
Jack: This means get down!
Jack: This is move over there.
Scene: (Jack stops showing hand signals)
Jack: Ha!
Coco: I'll get it! Huh?
Jack: Now Rusty and I can talk to each other without talking.
Jack: An important part of the army stuff is doing push-ups.
Rusty: Good push-ups, Recruit Russell.
Jack: Also, everything had a name.
Rusty: Ok. That hill is called Hill Four.
Rusty: That one is called Hill Six.
Rusty: That blue gem is called Tango Seven.
Rusty: You got that?
Jack: Oh Sarge, I'm not good at remembering numbers or words.
Rusty: Well, you better get good if you want to be in the army, Recruit Russel.
Rusty: You need to know these things if we call for a dust-off.
Jack: A dust-off?
Jack: A dust-off is when you call in a helicopter to come and rescue you.
Rusty: You have to tell the chopper where to land.
Jack: Rusty loved calling for a dust-off.
Jack: (Grunts while doing push-ups)
Jack: But the funnest bit was the sentry duty.
Jack: It's when you're a guard.
Jack: You have to be on the lookout when the other soldiers sleep.
Jack: I loved it.
Jack: All the other soldiers are counting on you.
Jack: I was really good at sentry.
Rusty: You're really good at sentry.
Jack: Thanks, Sarge.
Rusty: Have some rations, Recruit Russel.
Jack: Rations is what they call food in the army.
Jack: How do you know so much about the army?
Rusty: 'Cause my dad's in the army.
Jack: Is he on patrol like us?
Rusty: Yeah, but not for long.
Jack: Oh, that's good.
Rusty: He said when he comes back, he's going to bring me some condensed milk.
Jack: Ahh, I love condensed milk!
Jack: Then the scariest bit happened.
Scene: (Rustling in grass)
Scene: (Rusty gasps)
Scene: (Rustling continues)
Rusty: Contact!
Jack: What do we do?
Rusty: Fall back!
Jack and Rusty: Arrgh!
Scene: (Turkey gobbles)
Rusty: Get down!
Scene: (Jack grunts)
Rusty: There's too many of them!
Rusty: We have to call for a dust-off!
Jack: I told you he loved dust-offs.
Rusty: (speaking into a dotted cylindrical object) Six-one, this is six-two! We are surrounded!
Rusty: Request immediate dust-off. Stand by for location, over! (stops speaking into object)
Rusty: Recruit Russell, what's our location?
Jack: It was all down to me.
Jack: I had to remember what that tree was called.
Jack: Tango Five?
Jack: No, Tango Six?
Jack: Tango Seven!
Rusty: (speaking into object once again) We're next to Tango Seven, over! (stops speaking into object)
Rusty: Great work, Recruit Russell.
Rusty: Oh, no! Negatives on the dust-off, Tango Seven.
Rusty: LZ is no good!
Jack: I think he was saying the chopper had to land somewhere different.
Rusty: Recruit Russell, we've got to get to that field!
Jack: How?
Rusty: Run!
Jack: One thing I can do is run.
Jack: I'm a Jack Russell!
Scene: (Jack zooms by Rusty)
Rusty: Whoa!
Rusty: Get to the chopper!
Jack: Ok!
Jack: Good thing we did all of those push-ups.
Jack: We made it!
Rusty: Great work, Recruit Russell.
Scene: (Both laugh)
Jack: I can see why Rusty liked calling for dust-offs.
Rusty: Why did you come to this school?
Rusty: Was there something wrong with your old school.
Jack: No.
Scene: Jack. There's something wrong with me.
Jack: I'm not good at doing what I'm told, I can't sit still, and I can't remember anything, like numbers or letters or my hat.
Rusty: Oh.
Rusty: Well, you're really good at playing army.
Rusty: We're back from patrol, Calypso.
Rusty: You're all safe.
Calypso: Good boy, Rusty.
Rusty: Congratulations, Recruit Russel. You're now Private Russell.
Jack: I was in the army.
Rusty: Come on, you can sit next to me.
Jack: And then it was pick-up time.
Jack: See you tomorrow, Rusty.
Jack: And now I'm here.
Jack's mum: Wow, that was a lot of detail.
Jack: Yeah.
Jack's mum: Good boy, Jack.
Jack: Oh, can I have my condensed milk now?
Jack's mum: Where'd you get condensed milk from?
Jack: Rusty gave it to me.
Rusty: See you, Jack!
Rusty's dad: Hey! Rusty!
Jack: His dad brought it back from patrol.
Scene: Outro plays
<|endoftext|>
Scene: Breakfast
Bingo: Dad, can you play with us?
Bandit: Sorry kiddo, I’ve gotta get to work.
Bingo: Aw, I wish you didn’t have to work.
Bandit: It’s what grownups do I’m afraid.
Bluey: Well, I’m glad I’m a kid
Bandit: Enjoy it while it lasts.
Bingo: Please can you play with us?
Bandit: I can’t mate, I’ll see you later
Bingo: Aww.
Scene: Playing Rug Island
Chilli: Hey kids, I bought some new felt pens!
Bingo, Bluey: RUG ISLAND!
Chilli: Huh?
Scene: This episode of bluey is called “Rug Island”
Bluey: I caught some fish, Ooh nice shelter, Bingo.
Bingo: Thanks, I’m going to get some pippies.
Bingo: Pippies doing wee-wee’s.
Scene: (Bingo giggles)
Scene: Grownup Detected
Scene: (Bandit groans)
Bingo: Oh, Bluey!
Bandit: Aw man, musta fallen off my ship.
Bluey: What is it Bingo?
Bingo: It’s a grownup
Bluey: Ooh, let’s eat him
Bandit: Ow, get off!
Bingo: Don’t worry, we’re friendly.
Bluey: I’m not.
Bingo: Bluey, stop biting him.
Bluey: Grownups don’t belong on Rug Island.
Bandit: Oh please, i just wanna get back on my ship.
Bingo: You can stay with us until your ship comes back.
Bluey: Or until I get really hungry.
Scene: (Bandit cowers)
Scene: Working
Bandit: I gotta say, this place looks pretty chill
Scene: What’s for breakfast?
Bluey: Listen, grown-up if you wanna stay on Rug Island, you have to work. Up-sup-sup.
Bandit: Aw man, ripped off.
Bingo: This is how we pick our own food!
Scene: Fruit.
Bandit: Aw, too easy.
Scene: Fruit.
Bluey: That’s a snake.
Bandit: AHHH, get off me!
Bingo: Spear.
Scene: Fish.
Bandit: Spear. Oh...
Bingo: It’s ok, fish.
Bandit: Ah, I see.
Bandit: Carrot.
Bingo: Yeah! You got it!
Scene: 6 seconds later*
Bingo: Watch what he can do!
Scene: Fire.
Bluey: Ah, grown up..
Bandit: Aw, my butt! Put it out 2x!
Scene: 1 minute later*
Scene: Learning Rug Island
Bandit: Fish!
Bingo: Yeah!
Bingo, Bandit: Fish.
Scene: Eating
Bingo: Cook, cook.
Bandit: Plate?
Bluey: Thanks, have some beetroot.
Bandit: Ah, thanks
Bandit: Banana?
Bluey: Ah.
Bingo: Don’t forget the salads.
Scene: (Bandit, Bluey chattering)
Bandit: Oh, the greenery
Scene: Couple minutes later*
Scene: Peacefulness
Bandit: Ah, I love Rug Island.
Bluey: Yeah, it’s great isn’t it?
Bingo: Maybe you could stay here forever.
Bandit: Really? You’d be ok with that?
Bingo: Yeah.
Bluey: Well it is tempting.
Scene: The White Chocolate Egg
Scene: Life’s so simple here. It’s like the outside world doesn’t exist.
Pat: Aaargh!
Bandit: Oh, what was that?!
Bluey: Look! A white chocolate egg.
Bingo: WOW!
Pat: I’ll get it, Lucky!
Bluey: A grown-up!
Scene: We have to hide!
Pat: Where’d it go!
Bluey: He’s walking into water!
Scene: It must be some sort of grownup magic.
Bingo: What does he want?
Bandit: He wants the bal- I mean the egg.
Bingo: What? No way, we’re keeping it.
Bandit: Yeah, but we have to give Him his ball back.
Bingo: But it’s not a ball it’s an egg.
Bandit: Yeah, but just in the game.
Bingo: No...
Scene: Bandit isn’t welcome anymore
Bluey: I told you, Bingo. Grownups don’t belong on rug island.
Pat: Hey, Bandit.. What’s with all the pens?
Bandit: Ah, um, it’s hard to explain.
Pat: Oh, just need the ball back?
Bandit: Oh yeah, well.. the thing is.
Pat: Bandit?
Bandit: Ah, um, yep here you go.
Scene: Snake!
Pat: Ah, get it off me!!!
Bandit: Get the grown-up!
Bingo: Banana attack! (Bluey and Bingo tickle Pat with markers)
Scene: Not a grown-up anymore
Pat: I was just trying to get the ball back, Unh!
Bingo: It’s not a ball!
Bandit: Yeah it’s an egg!
Bluey: For good bravery and rescuing the chocolate egg, you are now not a grownup. Congratulations.
Bluey: Now let us lick the egg!
Scene: The ship comes back
Mum/Ship/Chilli: Ahoy there!
Bandit: Oh, it’s my ship.
Scene: They’ve come to take me home.
Bluey: But this is your home.
Bingo: You can’t have 2 homes.
Scene: Departing
Bandit: Yeah, you’re right..
Scene: What am I gonna do?
Bingo: You should go.
Bandit: Really? Are you sure?
Bingo: Yes it’s okay.
Scene: I’m just glad you came to rug island.
Bandit: Ah, come here
Scene: (They hug)
Bandit: I’m gonna miss you.
Bandit: Maybe, you can come with me.
Bingo: No, this is my home.
Scene: A Special Gift
Bingo: Wait.
Scene: This is a present.
Bandit: Ah, thanks.
Chilli: What did she give you?
Bandit: Everything.
Scene: Episode ends. Credits roll
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts outside, with Stripe, Bandit, Bingo and Bluey walking to the squash hall. Bluey sits atop Bandits' head, with Bingo on Stripes', holding onto their ears as if to guide them. As they're walking, Bingo pulls up and guides Stripe to ram into Bandit, causing the latter to stumble.
Bluey: Dad, stay on the path!
Bandit: Oh! Phew!
Scene: Bandit regains his footing, and the four continue walking.
Bandit: Get 'em, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey guides Bandit into Stripe, causing him to stumble off the path into a bush.
Bandit: Yeah! Nice one, Bluey!
Stripe: Get us out of here, Bingo!
Bingo: I'm trying!
Scene: Bingo tugs up on Stripe's ears, attempting to free themselves.
Bandit: Big brothers always beat little brothers! That's just the way it goes!
Bluey: Yeah, that's just the way it goes!
Scene: Bingo and Stripe groan in annoyance.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Squash.
Scene: The shot cuts to the squash hall, where Bandit and Stripe are warming up. Bluey and Bingo watch on, tails wagging.
Bandit: I'm gonna pound you.
Stripe: Yeah right!
Bluey: What can we play while you squash?
Bandit: Uhh, well, you can still control us!
Bluey & Bingo: Hooray!
Bandit: Here, this can be the controller!
Scene: He hands Bluey the squash racket bag.
Bluey: I'll control Dad. He always wins!
Bingo & Stripe: Hey!
Scene: Bandit smirks, and pulls Bluey in to give her a pat.
Bandit: Such a wise head on such young shoulders.
Bingo: Okay, I'll control Uncle Stripe.
Scene: She reaches out for the squash racket bag, to which Stripe hands her it.
Stripe: Do your best, Bingo.
Bingo: I promise I will.
Scene: The shot cuts to Bandit and Stripe entering the enclosed squash game space.
Bandit: Alright, let's do this!
Stripe: Yeah!
Scene: As the door closes, Bluey and Bingo run up to spectate...or rather, control the two players.
Bluey: Come on, Bingo!
Scene: The two sit down, giggling as they ready the controllers.
Bandit: Test us out, kids!
Bluey: Okay! This way!
Bandit: Whoa!
Scene: She yanks to the right, sending Bandit to the wall.
Bingo: Go...up!
Stripe: Aaaah!
Scene: She yanks straight ahead, sending Stripe to the opposite side of the wall. She giggles as Stripe collides with the wall. The shot then cuts back to Bluey, who is rotating her controller joystick in a circle.
Bluey: Round and round...
Bandit: Whoa whoa whoa...!
Bingo: And this way!
Scene: She sends Stripe into the wall...again.
Bingo: Okay, they work!
Scene: A dizzied bandit spins over to the center, as Stripe does the same albeit taken aback by the wall slams. Both of them pant, before they get their footing again.
Bandit: Okay, we're good to go!
Bluey: You ready, Bingo?
Bingo: Ready!
Scene: Bandit bounces the ball, before stancing up as he glances back at Bluey.
Bluey: Boop!
Scene: She presses the controller, before Bandit goes off to play. He swings at the ball, sending it to the wall.
Bingo: Aah!
Scene: She yanks on the controller, causing Stripe to miss the ball and to hit his head on the wall again. Bluey and Bandit relish in their point score.
Bandit & Bluey: Yes!
Scene: Bandit walks over to pick up the ball.
Bandit: One, zero.
Bingo: Awww..
Bandit: Nice one, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey's tail wags, and she gives a thumbs up to Bandit. She turns to give Bingo a competitive glare.
Bandit: So it BEGINS!
Scene: The two continue playing, an intense game unfolding, before Stripe messes up again and runs into the wall, falling to the ground in the process.
Bandit & Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: The game continues going, with Bandit managing to hit the ball every time, whereas Stripe struggles. It ends with him tripping over.
Bandit & Bluey: Yes!
Scene: The shot then cuts to Stripe readying up the start of the game. He throws the ball up into the air, and proceeds to swing and miss.
Stripe & Bingo: Aw.
Scene: And so the game continues. Bandit so elegantly continues to play without fault, while a worn out and sweaty Stripe struggles to keep his head in the game. As he tries to catch his breath, the ball comes flying at him and strikes him in the snout. Bingo looks discouraged.
Bingo: Something's wrong with this..
Scene: Bandit and Stripe continue playing, with Stripe failing to hit the ball once again.
Stripe: Ugh, why do I keep losing!?
Bandit: Because big brothers always beat little brothers!
Bingo: Awwww...
Scene: Bandit walks over to pick up the ball.
Bandit: Okay, one more point and we win, Bluey. Make it happen!
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: The shot cuts over to an out-of-breath Stripe regaining his stamina, as Bingo looks up at him.
Stripe: Just do your best, Bingo.
Bingo: I'm trying, but my controller isn't working properly.
Bandit: I don't think it's the controller, kid.
Stripe: This isn't over!
Scene: The final match ensues. Bandit and Bluey play flawlessly as he did all previous times, while Stripe and Bingo struggle. Stripe loses the game, as he hits the glass and falls to the ground.
Bandit: Yes!
Bluey: Yeah!
Stripe: Ugh...now it's over...
Scene: Stripe lies in a pooling puddle of his own sweat (revolting), as Bingo drops her controller, saddened.
Bingo: Aww....I didn't even win once.
Bluey: Big sisters always beat little sisters. That's just the way it goes!
Scene: Bluey and Bandit dance, relishing in their victory over the younger dogs. A discouraged Bingo gets up and leaves.
Bingo: I'm going to the bubbler.
Bluey: Oh, Bingo!
Bandit: Let's go again!
Stripe: Yep, j-just let me get a drink.
Scene: An exhausted Stripe leaves for the bubbler. Bandit walks over to sit next to Bluey.
Bandit: Nice controlling, kid!
Bluey: Dad, can you please let Uncle Stripe win the next squash?
Bandit: What, why?
Bluey: Cause I don't think Bingo's having any fun.
Bandit: Aww, you're such a good big sister.
Scene: Bluey smiles and her tail wags a little.
Bluey: So can you?
Bandit: Nope!
Bluey: What!? Why not?
Bandit: That's not how grown-ups work, kid.
Bluey: But it's how kids work!
Bandit: Then kids are silly!
Bluey: What!? How very dare you!
Bandit: Nyah nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah, kids are silly!
Bluey: That is it! I'm going to make you lose the next squash!
Bandit: What? No! I take it back! Kids aren't silly! Please! Don't make me lose!
Bluey: Too late.
Scene: The shot cuts to Stripe hastily guzzling down water at the bubbler. Bingo is poking his tail, in an attempt to fix him.
Stripe: What are you doing, Bingo?
Bingo: I'm fixing you.
Stripe: Fixing me?
Bingo: Yeah! This is the antenna bit that makes the controller work.
Stripe: Oh, is it not working properly?
Bingo: No. You're not doing what I'm controlling you to do, and Bluey keeps beating me!
Stripe: Aw. Look, I'm sorry, Bingo. Maybe you guys should swap for the next game?
Bingo: No, I want to control you.
Stripe: Are you sure? You'll probably have a better chance of winning with your dad!
Bingo: No, I want us to win.
Stripe: Oh really? Why's that?
Bingo: Because big sisters don't always beat little sisters.
Scene: Bingo's optimistic words causes Stripe to tear up a little, as he gives an emotional sniff. Bingo is done adjusting Stripe's tail.
Bingo: There, I fixed you!
Stripe: Yeah, Bingo. You did.
Scene: The shot cuts back to Bandit and Bluey. Bandit is on his knees begging Bluey to not let him lose.
Bandit: Oh please, don't make me lose! I'll give you a hundred chocolate koalas!
Bluey: Nope!
Scene: Stripe and Bingo enter, their confidence reignited and their competitiveness even more so.
Stripe: You ready?
Bandit: Aah!
Scene: As Stripe enters, a nervous Bandit is on his last legs in an attempt to continue as a victor in the game.
Bandit: Bingo, it's your turn to control me instead of Bluey!
Bingo: Nope!
Bandit: Pleeaaase!
Stripe: Let's do this, Bingo!
Scene: The game begins. Stripe gives a cold, competitive glare, while the nervous Bandit readies up to the best of his abilities. Bingo smiles, and Bluey gives her a wink, indicating their unintentional plans coming together.
Bingo: Boop.
Scene: Stripe yells, before striking the ball with all his might. Bandit attempts to swing, but Bluey's control shifts, causing him to completely miss as it flies by in a slowmo fashion.
Bandit: Wow.
Scene: Stripe picks up the ball.
Stripe: One, zero.
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: The game continues going, with the two hitting it back and forth before Bandit misses the ball once again.
Bandit: Bluey!
Stripe & Bingo: Yes!
Scene: As the game continues going, Bandit becomes more worn out, sweating and out of breath and attempting to chase the ball to the best of his abilities. Stripe sends the ball to him, as it hits Bandit in the back.
Stripe: Oooh, right in the love handle!
Bandit: Grrrr!
Scene: More of the game progresses on...Bandit fails once again, giving Stripe another point.
Stripe: Woo! Okay Bingo, one more point and we've won! You can do this!
Bingo: We can do this!
Scene: The final match ensues. Bandit attempts to catch his breath, but Stripe begins playing straight away. The music begins to crescendo, a satisfying climax reached for the younger dogs overcoming their older siblings.
Stripe: Strength!
Scene: Bandit is becoming increasingly worn out...
Stripe: Agility!
Scene: Even more so...
Stripe: Determination!
Scene: Bandit is on his last stand. As he rushes to strike the ball, Bluey suddenly shifts her controller, turning it upside down which throws Bandit off of his footing.
Bandit: Whoa, whoa WHOA--!
Scene: Bandit slams into the glass wall, causing Bluey to giggle and wave at him. The match is won by Stripe and Bingo!
Stripe: YEAAHH!!
Bingo: Woooo! We won!
Bandit: Uuuugh...
Scene: Stripe holds his hand out for Bandit, as he pulls him up.
Bandit: Good game, little brother.
Stripe: Yeah, thanks mate!
Bluey: Good game, little sister.
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey!
Scene: The camera cuts to the four heading home after their game.
Bandit: What a squash!
Stripe: Yeah man, that was awesome!
Bandit: I guess little brothers can beat big brothers.
Bingo: Yep! That's just the way it goes.
Scene: The four laugh.
Stripe: Good one, Bingo.
Bandit: But I still say kids are silly!
Bluey: What!?
Scene: Bluey yanks to the left, sending Bandit straight into a bush.
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: The credits music is a joyful and resolved rendition of the episode's main soundtrack.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler home, three hot air balloons floating in the background. In the kids' bedroom, Bluey yawns as she wakes up and hops off the bed. She steps on an almost-empty bag of balloons.
Bluey: Ooh! Morning, balloons!
Scene: The final balloon falls out of the bag.
Bluey: I mean, morning, last balloon.
Scene: Bluey begins blowing up the balloon. In the living room, Chilli is holding Bingo over the couch.
Chilli: You ready?
Bingo: Ready!
Chilli: Keep your arms up!
Scene: Bingo does so, and Chilli drops her on the couch.
Chilli: Ah!
Bingo: (giggles) Again!
Scene: Bluey walks in, holding the now-inflated balloon.
Chilli: Morning, Bluey! Oh, what have you got there?
Bluey: This is my pet bird!
Scene: Bluey lets some air out of the balloon, making a squeaking sound. Bingo giggles.
Bingo: He's saying 'Good morniiiiiing!'
Chilli: Oh, good morning, pet birdie.
Bluey: Go free, birdie!
Scene: Bluey lets go of the balloon, letting it fly wildly around the room. Everyone laughs, although Chilli briefly ducks for cover. When the air runs out, the deflated balloon lands on Chilli's head. She is a bit annoyed, but smiles seeing her daughters laughing.
Chilli: Oh, that's funny, is it?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Yeah, it is!
Chilli: Well, I've got a game for you.
Scene: She starts blowing up the balloon.
Bluey: (excitedly) Is it Keepy Uppy?!
Chilli: Yeah, it's Keepy Uppy.
Scene: Bluey does a little dance.
Bluey: It's Keepy Uppy! Woo!
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Keepy Uppy.
Scene: Back in the lounge room, Bingo and Bluey are standing in front of Chilli, who is holding the fully inflated balloon.
Bingo: What's Keepy Uppy?
Bluey: You have to keep the balloon in the air and can't let it touch the ground.
Scene: Bingo worriedly holds Bluey.
Bingo: What happens if it touches the ground?
Chilli: Oh, nothing, Bingo. It's just a game.
Bingo: Oh, okay.
Chilli: You ready?
Bluey, Bingo: Yeah.
Chilli: Okay... go!
Scene: Chilli launches the balloon into the air and the game begins. The kids excitingly giggle and chase after it.
Bingo: Stop! Boot!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo keep giggling, booting the balloon to stop it from touching the ground.
Bluey: Boot!
Scene: Chilli runs over to the balloon.
Chilli: Boot!
Bluey: Aah, Bingo, quick!
Scene: Bingo chases the balloon across the living room.
Bingo: Yaa! Boot! (giggles)
Bluey: Boot! (giggles)
Scene: Bingo balks backwards into a pot plant to get the balloon.
Bingo: I got it, Bluey! Boot! Eee, get it!
Bluey: I got it, I got it!
Bingo: Bluey, get it!
Bluey: Yaah!
Scene: Bingo giggles. Chilli fixes up the pot plant as Bingo and Bluey continue playing.
Bluey: I got it!
Bingo: Oh, good.
Bluey: No, no, no, quick, quick!
Scene: Chilli 'boot's the balloon as it comes near her.
Chilli: Boot!
Bluey: Aah, Mum, you're making it harder!
Chilli: Okay, I'm going to cook brekkie, kids. Boot!
Bluey: Mum!
Scene: Chilli walks out, leaving Bluey and Bingo to continue playing and giggling.
Bluey: Look! What if we do small ones? Boot!
Bingo: Boot! This is so easy now.
Scene: Over in the kitchen, Chilli is making breakfast. Bluey and Bingo enter, still using small pushes to keep the balloon off the ground.
Bingo: Boot!
Bluey: Check it out, Mum! Boot!
Chilli: Hey, nice strategy, balloon girls!
Bingo: I'm a Keepy Uppy expert.
Bluey: Yep, but it's not as fun now. Can you make it hard again?
Chilli: Sorry, pickle, I've got my hands full.
Scene: Bandit enters the room with a basket full of washing.
Bandit: ♫ Oh good morning, everybody! Said good morning, everyone! Uh! ♫
Bandit: Whaddup, party people?
Bluey: Dad, we're playing Keepy Uppy. Can you make it harder?
Scene: Bandit walks over to Bingo.
Bandit: Ah, my newspaper.
Scene: Bandit grabs Bingo and holds her upside-down and pretends to read her like a newspaper, leaving Bluey to frantically skid all over the floor to get the balloon.
Bingo: Dad!
Bluey: Aah! Bingo, help!
Bingo: I can't! I'm a newspaper!
Scene: Bandit pretends to read the newspaper.
Bandit: Hmm, ah. Old so-and-so is at it again. Hmm, yes, yes...
Scene: Bluey gasps as the balloon flies out of her reach and over the counter, where it lands gently on top of a glass of orange juice.
Bluey: (gasps) Look! Wow.
Scene: Chilli turns around from the stove to see the balloon.
Chilli: Woah, look at that!
Bingo: Bluey, help!
Bluey: I'll save you, Bingo! Let her go!
Scene: Bluey tries to take Bingo out of Bandit's hands.
Bandit: Oh, you want to read the newspaper, Bluey? Ok, just don't do the suduku.
Scene: Bandit lets Bluey have Bingo and walks over to the orange juice.
Bandit: Oh, look, lovely orange juice! Yes, please!
Scene: Bandit takes the juice, sending the balloon up and over towards the floor again. Bluey and Bingo scream.
Bluey: No, no, no! Boot!
Bingo: (panting) I'll get it!
Bluey: That's it, Bingo!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run after the balloon, until Bandit grabs Bluey and embraces her Bluey screams and squirms, trying to get out of Bandit's grip.
Bandit: Oh, dear child. You grow up so fast.
Bluey: Ah, Dad, let go! Bingo, get it! Don't let it touch the ground!
Scene: Bingo is struggling all over the floor to stop the balloon from touching the ground.
Bingo: Bluey, help! I can't do it by myself!
Bandit: Dear child, embrace your father.
Scene: Bluey screams and pushes back against Bandit.
Bluey: Let go!
Scene: Bluey successfully gets out of Bandit's grip and starts helping Bingo.
Bluey: Boot!
Bingo: Aah, I'll get it!
Bandit: (dramatically) Oh, this heat is oppressive. I'll just turn on this fan...
Scene: Bandit activates a nearby pedestal fan, sending the balloon flying out of the kitchen. Bluey and Bingo scream.
Bluey, Bingo: Dad!
Scene: Over in the living room, Bluey and Bingo run in, chasing the balloon.
Bluey: Mine, mine!
Bandit: There's leaves everywhere!
Scene: Bandit is already there with a leaf blower. He blows the balloon out of the living room, Bluey and Bingo screaming as they run after it. In the playroom, Bluey and Bingo follow the balloon through lots of toys strewn around the room.
Bluey: There's too many toys on the ground! Boot!
Bingo: Who is responsible for this mess?
Scene: Bandit appears, lounging against the doorframe with a bowl of cereal and fruit.
Bandit: My, my, all these toys left lying around sure are making it difficult to keep the balloon up.
Bingo: We know!
Bandit: Can you imagine how easy this would be if you'd tidied them all away?
Bluey: That isn't helping!
Bingo: Oh no!
Scene: The balloon gently lands on top of a pile of blocks.
Bluey, Bingo: Ooh!
Bluey: Ha-ha, see, Dad? Our toys saved the balloon.
Bandit: Not for long!
Scene: Bandit turns on the ceiling fan, which blows the balloon off the block tower and towards the floor again.
Bluey, Bingo: No!
Bingo: You get it!
Scene: Bluey dives through the block pile to get the balloon, hitting it up.
Bluey: Yaa! (gasps)
Bluey: It's heading for the fan!
Bingo: Oh no!
Scene: The ceiling fan hits the balloon, sending it flying off. In the kitchen, Chilli is relaxing with a bowl of cereal and fruit - until she sees the balloon floating around outside.
Chilli: (gasps) Oh no!
Scene: Chilli runs off. Outside, she runs out after the balloon, Bluey and Bingo fast behind her.
Chilli: We can't let it touch the ground!
Bluey, Bingo: We know!
Bluey: Boot!
Chilli: No, I mean we really can't let it touch the ground. Balloons pop if they touch grass!
Bingo: What? You said nothing would happen!
Bluey: It's my last balloon!
Bingo: Catch it!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo scream after the balloon. Bluey does a dive after it, hitting it up and over the fence to their neighbours'. Bluey and Chilli gasp, Bingo screams.
Bluey: It's going into Lucky's yard!
Scene: Over the fence, Lucky is kicking a rugby ball around. Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli poke their heads over the fence to see the balloon slowly falling towards the grass.
Bluey: Lucky, the balloon!
Chilli: Get it, Lucky!
Lucky: I'll get it! Boot!
Bluey: Aah! Lucky!
Lucky: I'm not going to make it!
Chilli: Oh no!
Bluey: No!
Scene: Pat enters the scene, running after the balloon with a mug of liquid.
Pat: Mine! Mine!
Scene: Pat hits the balloon up, grunting.
Pat: Yours, Lucky! Get onto it!
Lucky: Good one, Dad! I got it! I got it! (grunts)
Pat: That's it, boy! I got it! Mine!
Scene: Pat lunges after the ball, but collapses in pain.
Pat: Uh! (moans) Oh, I've done me hammy! You get it, Lucky.
Bluey: Lucky! Get it!
Lucky: Ok, Bluey!
Scene: Lucky runs past a groaning Pat and dives to hit the balloon back into Bluey's backyard.
Lucky: Yaa! There ya go, Bluey!
Bluey: Thanks, Lucky's dad!
Pat: No worries, Bluey.
Scene: Back in the Heeler backyard, Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli are running after the balloon again.
Chilli: We can catch it! I can catch it!
Bluey, Bingo: Catch it, Mum!
Scene: Suddenly, Bandit puts up an umbrella, hitting the balloon.
Bandit: Looks like rain!
Scene: Chilli gasps as the balloon floats down onto the grass. It lands, and pops. Bluey and Bingo scream, Chilli winces.
Bluey, Bingo: No!
Scene: Bingo runs over to the remains of the balloon, and sighs sadly.
Bluey: Oh, my balloon.
Bingo: It's popped.
Bandit: It's all good; we can blow up another one.
Bluey: But that was my last balloon.
Bandit: Oh. Did I make that a little too fun?
Bingo: Yes.
Bluey: Yeah, you did.
Scene: Bandit walks over and kneels next to his kids, putting an arm around Bingo.
Bandit: Sorry, squirts. It's a hard one to get right.
Scene: A moment of pause as they all stare at the popped balloon.
Bluey: It was pretty fun, though.
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bingo: Yeah, it was definitely quite fun.
Scene: Cut to Lucky and Pat, looking over the fence.
Lucky: Yeah, it was really fun.
Scene: Back with the Heelers, Chilli kneels down next to the kids too.
Chilli: You know, I think we've got one last balloon left.
Bluey, Bingo: Really?
Bluey: For real life?
Chilli: Yeah, a big blue one.
Scene: Bandit anxiously gets up as Chilli looks at him.
Bandit: Uh-oh...
Scene: Cut to Bluey blowing on Bandit's tail, inflating him like a balloon. Bingo and Chilli stand nearby, watching and laughing as Bandit gets more inflated.
Bingo: Blow up the Daddy balloon! (giggles)
Chilli: Yeah! (laughs)
Scene: Soon, Bandit is fully inflated, with Bluey holding onto his tail.
Bluey: Ready!
Chilli: Shall we play Keepy Uppy?
Bluey: Uh-uh!
Chilli: (knowingly) Oh...
Bandit: What? What?
Bluey: Go free, birdie!
Scene: Bluey releases Bandit's tail, letting him run around the whole yard, making raspberry sounds like a deflating balloon. Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli all laugh and giggle as Bandit flops all over the trampoline, before coming around and flying straight into them all.
Chilli: Oh no!
Scene: Bandit crashes into his family, grunting on impact. The Heelers lie in a pile, laughing.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - a large band playing a fun groove - while the Heelers continue to laugh. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens on a shady field on the Brisbane riverfront. Bandit is cooking sausages on a grill, while Mackenzie's Dad talks to him.  Next to them, Frank is breaking up a bag of ice by dropping it on the ground.  Chilli, Mackenzie's Mum, and Daisy are sitting in a circle of camp chairs, laughing. Marcus and Chloe's Mum are standing nearby, talking.  All of the adults except Frank have a drink.  In the background, a City Cat and a sailboat float past.
Scene: Daisy holds out her empty wine glass.
Daisy: [to Marcus] Marcus, can you get me a drink, please?
Marcus: [to Daisy] Coming, honey.
Bandit: [to Frank] Hey, can you grab us the onions?
Frank: [to Bandit] Get 'em yourself.
Bandit: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah, that's real friendly.
Scene: The shot changes to show Frank and a cooler behind him. Mackenzie pokes his head out from behind the cooler.  He reaches out, and plucks a stray hair from Frank's leg.
Scene: The shot changes to Chilli, Mackenzie's Mum, and Daisy.  Bluey sneaks behind them, and plucks a hair from Chilli's knee.
Chilli: Oh!
Scene: She slaps her knee, as though killing a mosquito.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Spy Game.
Scene: The shot changes to show the whole group.  Mackenzie and Bluey escape unnoticed, running to the right.  They are holding up their stolen hairs.
Bluey: I got my mum!
Mackenzie: I got Chloe's dad!
Scene: They encounter Chloe and Honey.  They have stern expressions.  Honey holds her hand out, gesturing halt.  Bluey and Mackenzie stop.
Honey: Stop! What's the password!
Bluey: Um...
Scene: Chloe takes a step forward and whispers in Bluey's ear.
Chloe: (whispering) Zebra.
Bluey: Zebra.
Scene: Chloe and Honey relax.
Honey: Correct.  You may enter.
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie run past them.
Scene: The shot changes to the base of a large tree.  Bingo is standing next to a metal tray full of grass and seeds; she tosses in another handful of grass.  Bluey and Mackenzie arrive.  Bluey takes the hair from Mackenzie.
Bluey: Here's the samples, Bingo.
Scene: Bluey hands Bingo the hairs.
Bingo: My name is Sparkleshot.
Scene: Bingo drops the hairs into the tray and dusts off her hands.
Scene: Bluey Good one, Bingo.
Scene: Bluey pats Bingo on the head.
Bingo: (growls)
Bluey: Now, I'm gonna go and get Dad's sample.
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie turn and walk away.  Bingo follows and stops them.
Bingo: Bluey, can I get Dad?
Bluey: No, Mackenzie and I are the spies. Your job is to gather grass for the potion.
Bingo: Awww.
Mackenzie: What if we don't need a potion?
Scene: Mackenzie picks up a stick.
Mackenzie: What about if we use this wand instead?
Bluey: I already told you. Only potion grass can control grown-ups.
Mackenzie: Oh yeah, that's right.
Scene: Mackenzie chucks the stick over his shoulder.
Bluey: So, you go and get some more potion grass, Bingo. Yeah, yeah?
Bingo: (wearily) Okay.
Bluey: Let's go, Mackenzie!
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie run back to the barbecue, passing the guards.  Chloe is looking around theatrically.
Honey: New password is, uh...
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie run offscreen.  Honey cups her hands around her mouth.
Honey: (yelling) DIPLODOCUS!
Scene: Chloe winces.  The scene changes to Bandit, cooking sausages, and Mackenzie's dad, spectating.  A red brick building is visible behind them - the Brisbane Powerhouse.  Bluey is hiding behind a plastic tote.
Bandit: Where's that sausage tray gone?
Mackenzie's Dad: You don't know what you're doing. Oh, you're burning them.
Scene: You're burning them!
Scene: Bandit turns a few sausages.  Bluey crawls out from behind the tote and slowly approaches him.
Bandit: They'll be right.
Scene: Bluey reaches for Bandit's tail.
Bingo: Dad!
Scene: Bluey freezes.  Bingo runs up behind them both, hands on her stomach.
Bingo: I need the toilet. I'm busting.
Scene: Bandit turns around and notices Bluey, crouched down behind him.
Bandit: Hey, what are you kids doing down there?
Bluey: (annoyed) Bingo! You're meant to be getting potion grass.
Bingo: I don't want to collect potion grass anymore. And my name is Sparkleshot.
Bluey: (growls)
Scene: Bluey folds her arms and turns her back on Bingo.
Bluey: You're not playing spies anymore.
Bingo: Good.
Scene: Bandit passes the tongs to Mackenzie's Dad.
Bandit: Come on, Bingo.
Scene: Mackenzie's Dad gets a big grin on his face and immediately starts turning sausages.
Bandit: [to Mackenzie's Dad] Don't turn those top ones yet!
Bluey: Good riddance.
Scene: Bluey has a realization.
Bluey: Oh. Who's gonna get the potion grass?
Scene: The scene changes back to the guard station.  Bluey and Mackenzie run up.  Honey and Chloe gesture for them to stop.
Honey: (yelling shrilly) PASSWORD!
Scene: Chloe winces.
Bluey: Diplodocus.  Bingo's not playing anymore.  Honey, you have to get the potion grass now.
Honey: What? But I'm a guard!
Bluey: Not anymore.
Honey: Aw.
Scene: Honey turns to Chloe.
Honey: Uh, Chloe, do you mind getting the potion grass?
Chloe: Um, no thanks. I like being a guard, too.
Honey: But I can shout password the loudest, though.
Honey: (at the top of her lungs) PASSWOOOOOOOORD!
Scene: A trio of startled crows fly away.  Mackenzie, Bluey, and Chloe cover their ears.
Mackenzie: What if we don't need potion grass?  We just use...
Scene: Mackenzie picks up an empty packet of chips.
Mackenzie: ...this chip packet.
Bluey: That won't work.
Honey: It might. They're barbecue flavor.
Chloe: And the parents are having a barbecue.
Mackenzie: Let's try it.
Scene: The scene changes to the base of the tree.  The kids run up, and Mackenzie throws the chip packet into the tray.  Mackenzie, Chloe, and Honey wave their hands around magically.
Honey and Chloe: Whoo! Whoo!
Bluey: But who's gonna stand guard?
Mackenzie: You do it, Bluey. I'm off to spy.
Scene: Mackenzie runs off.
Bluey: Hey, what?
Scene: The shot pulls back to show Mackenzie still running off.
Bluey: (yelling after Mackenzie) But I'm a spy!
Scene: The shot changes to a close up on Bluey.
Bluey: Hmph. The password is grumpy.
Scene: The scene changes to show Bandit, leaning on the outside of a public toilet building.  He looks bored.
Bingo: (singing, offscreen) One man went to mow, went to mow a meadow. One man and  his dog - arf! -went to mow a meadow.
Bandit: How you going in there, Bingo? I can feel my sausages burning.
Bingo: (offscreen) I started just doing a wee, and now it's turned into a poo.
Bandit: (groans)
Bingo: (singing, offscreen) Two men went to mow, went to mow a meadow.
Scene: The scene changes, back to the barbecue.  Mackenzie's dad is manning the barbecue, talking to Frank and Marcus.  Chilli and Mackenzie's mum are talking in the foreground.  The shot changes to a close-up of Marcus' tail.  Mackenzie's hand appears from behind a cooler and plucks a hair.
Scene: The shot changes, to a close up on Mackenzie's Dad.  Mackenzie plucks a hair from his tail and runs off.
Scene: The shot changes to the base of the tree.  Mackenzie runs right past Bluey's guard station - Bluey does not try to stop him - to the tray, and drops the hairs in.  Chloe waves her hands about
Bluey: Okay, now you stand guard, Mackenzie, and I'll go get some more.
Scene: Bluey starts walking away.
Honey: Chloe's almost finished the spell!
Scene: Bluey stops.  Mackenzie grabs a pinecone.
Mackenzie: Let's put this pinecone in, too.
Scene: Mackenzie drops the pinecone into the tray.
Chloe: Pa-choo!  It's ready!
Honey: Whee! Now we can control the grown-ups!
Mackenzie: I'm first!
Scene: Mackenzie runs around to the side of the tray.  He grabs two sticks that have been stuck in the ground, using them as control levers.
Mackenzie: Okay, Bluey's mum:
Scene: The shot changes to Mackenzie's point of view.  In an animation error, Bandit is shown standing at the barbecue; he should still be at the toilet block.  Mackenzie's Dad and Marcus are also at at the barbecue; Daisy, Frank, Mackenzie's Mum, and Chilli are sittin in the camping chairs.
Mackenzie: Get up and dance around!
Scene: Daisy stands up and starts dancing.
Daisy: Whoo-hoo!
Scene: The adults all cheer.
Marcus: Go, Daisy!
Chilli: Shake it!
Mackenzie: No, not Honey's mum. I said, Bluey's mum.
Scene: The shot changes back to third person.
Honey: It's not working properly. Let me try!
Scene: Honey tries to take the controls.  Mackenzie pushes back, shoulder checking her..
Honey: Yow!
Mackenzie: (yelling) I'm going first!
Honey: Let me try! Yow!
Scene: The shot changes back to Mackenzie's point of view.  Honey is grabbing at the lever with both hands, Daisy is still dancing.
Scene: The shot changes back to third person.  Honey and Mackenzie are shoving back and forth and arguing.
Chloe: Maybe we need another pinecone.
Scene: Bluey groans and walks away.
Scene: The scene changes to inside the toilet block.  Bandit is holding Bingo up so she can reach the soap dispenser.  She has already dispensed a large amount of soap.  She continues pressing the button, soap overflowing her hand onto the floor.
Bingo: Little bit more. Little bit more.
Bluey: Hey, Bluey. You need the toilet, too?
Scene: Bandit moves a little, and Bingo flails around trying to reach the soap dispenser again.
Bluey: No one's playing the game properly.
Scene: Bandit adjusts his grip, getting Bingo back to the soap dispenser.  She keeps going, soap pouring onto the floor.
Bandit: Ah, is this the spy game?
Bluey: Yeah, no one's doing their jobs.
Bandit: And when did this start happening?
Bluey: Hmm, it started when... Bingo stopped playing.
Scene: Bingo stops dispensing soap.
Bingo: Finished!
Scene: The scene changes to outside the toilet block.  Bluey and Bandit walk out, Bingo runs ahead.
Bingo: (giggles)
Bandit: Check this out.
Scene: Bandit kneels down, and builds a stack of rocks.
Bandit: We're dogs, kid. We all have a place in the pack.  Now, look what happens when I take the bottom one out.
Scene: Bandit removes the bottom rock, and the stack falls over.
Bandit: Does that make sense?
Bluey: No.
Bandit: Okay, just do your best, kid.
Scene: Bandit pats her on the head and walks off.
Scene: The angle changes, showing Bingo in the background.  She is demonstrating ballet positions for an imaginary audience in the New Farm Park Rotunda.
Bingo: Then there's... this one...
Scene: Bingo takes Second Position.
Bingo: ...and this one.
Scene: Bingo takes Third Position.
Bingo: And this one.
Scene: Bingo takes Fourth Position.  Watching her, Bluey smiles.
Scene: The shot changes to show Bluey next to Bingo in the rotunda.  Bingo is doing a plié.
Bluey: Bingo, can you come and play with us again?
Scene: Bingo stops demonstrating ballet.
Bingo: Bluey, I'm Sparkleshot. I've told you this before.
Bluey: Sorry. Do you still want to play?
Scene: Bluey reaches out her hand, and Bingo takes it.
Bingo: Well, can I get to do a spy?
Bluey: Well, no.
Scene: Bingo drops Bluey's hand and looks away.
Bingo: Aww.
Bluey: But I promise, I'll think of something really fun.
Scene: Bluey puts out both her hands.  Bingo puts her hands in Bluey's and lifts her leg, possibly attempting a penché.
Scene: The scene cuts to the base of the tree.  Honey, Chloe, and Mackenzie are struggling for the controls.
Chloe: Mackenzie!
Mackenzie: I'm going first!
Honey: No, no, I can do it!
Chloe: Honey!
Honey: Let me try!
Chloe: My turn first!
Mackenzie: Aaaah!
Honey: It's not working properly.
Scene: They lose their balance and all three fall away from the controls.  Just then, Bluey and Bingo arrive.
Bluey: Look who's back!
Chloe, Honey, and Mackenzie: Bingo!
Scene: Chloe, Honey, and Mackenzie run over to hug her.
Bingo: (giggles)
Scene: The shot changes to a close up on Bluey.  She raises a finger confidently.'
Bluey: Okay, here's the plan.
Scene: The shot changes to Bluey's point of view.  She points at Mackenzie.
Bluey: Mackenzie, you and me are going to do the last spy.
Scene: Bluey points at Honey and Chloe.
Bluey: Honey and Chloe, stand guard.
Scene: Bluey points at Bingo.
Bluey: And Bingo, you get the potion grass.
Chloe, Honey, Mackenzie, and Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: The scene changes to the barbecue.  Bandit and Mackenzie's dad are talking.  Bluey and Mackenzie pop out from behind the cooler.
Mackenzie's Dad: [to Bandit] He was thinking, I'm not going, --
Scene: Bluey and Mackenzie scurry behind the barbecue.  Mackenzie does a ninja roll on the way.
Mackenzie's Dad: --and I was like Yes, you are.
Bandit: (laughing) Hoo hoo hoo.
Scene: A sound effect suggests that Bandit's hair has been plucked.
Bandit: Ah, mozzie!
Scene: Bandit slaps at his leg.
Scene: The scene changes to the riverbank.  Bingo does a little dance and then picks a handfull of grass.
Scene: The scene changes to the guard station.  Chloe and Honey are marching back and forth.  Frank walks up.  Chloe and Honey turn and confront him.
Chloe and Honey: Password!
Scene: Frank stops in his tracks.
Frank: Sweetie, we need the sausage tray.
Scene: Chloe and Honey advance a step.
Chloe and Honey: Pass! Word!
Scene: Frank flinches.
Frank: Uh, sausage tray?
Scene: Honey stamps her foot.
Honey: Wrong! That's not the password!
Scene: Frank backs away.
Frank: Aw, never mind, I'll use something else.
Scene: The scene changes to the sausage tray at the base of the tree.  Bandit tosses in the potion grass.  Mackenzie runs up and grabs the controls.
Mackenzie: I'm going first.
Scene: Honey runs up and grabs one of the controls.
Honey: No, I'm going first!
Scene: Chloe approaches and reaches for a control.
Chloe: No, me!
Scene: Honey pushes her back.
Honey: I know how to do it.
Chloe: (growls)
Scene: Honey tries to pry Mackenzie off the controls.
Mackenzie: I'm going fiiiirst!
Scene: Chloe tries to get down underneath Honey to grab the controls.  Bluey arrives, and the fighting pauses.
Bluey: Noooo, Bingo's going first.
Bingo: For real life?
Bluey: For real life.
Bingo: Oh, thanks, Bluey.
Scene: Mackenzie, Honey, and Chloe have let go of the controls and start cheering for Bingo.
Honey: Go, Bingo!
Chloe: Yeah!
Mackenzie: Yeah, Bingo!
Chloe: Bingo!
Scene: Bingo takes the controls.
Bingo: Okay, grown-ups:
Scene: The shot changes to Bingo's perspective.  The adults have all gathered at the camp chairs, except Marcus who is walking back to the group from offscreen.  No one is minding the sausages.  Bingo thrusts both control levers forward.
Bingo: Go crazy!
Scene: The sausages catch fire. Bandit turns and screams.  The adults jump to their feet, knocking over several chairs. Mackenzie's Dad runs up to the grill to help.  Bandit tries to grab a sausage with the tongs, but he's not willing to get close enough to the fire to actually grab a sausage.  Mackenzie's Dad jumps anxiously from one foot to the other, but can't do anything useful.  The other adults start laughing.  Frank and Chilli run up - Frank blows and waves his hand at the fire.  Chilli pours a bottle of wine on the fire, dousing it. The grown-ups cheer.
Scene: The scene changes back to the kids at the sausage tray.  They laugh and cheer.
Mackenzie: Whoa! It worked!
Chloe: (giggles)
Scene: Bluey puts her arm around Bingo's shoulder.
Bluey: Well done Bingo -- ooh, I mean Sparkleshot.
Scene: Bluey musses Bingo's hair.
Bingo: (giggles)
Scene: The camera pulls back to show all the characters in the same shot.
Mackenzie's Dad: Nice one, Bandit.
Bandit: Get him!
Several Adults: Yeah!
Daisy: Looks like we're gonna have pizza, kids!
Scene: Frank and Bandit chase Mackenzie's Dad over to the tree.  Mackenzie's Dad braces to be tackled, and Bandit hesitates - and Frank tackles Bandit from behind instead.  Mackenzie's Dad jumps on top of the pile.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The music during the credits is an accordion and flute arrangement of the episode music.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts at the Heeler household, in the late evening.
Bandit: Big sleep tonight, kids! The easter bunny's coming!
Chilli: I wonder how many eggs he'll leave you in your easter pouches!
Bingo: How do we know he won't forget us again?
Bluey: Yeah, like he did last year!
Chilli: Look, we've been through this. He didn't forget you! He was just late. He explained it all in his letter, remember?
Scene: The shot moves to Bandit, who reads a note left on the wall from last Easter.
Bandit: Dear Bluey and Bingo, so sorry I was late with your easter eggs. I had some family stuff on. I won't go into it. Big love, easter bunny. See? He was just busy!
The Pups: Okay.
Chilli: We promise he won't forget this time.
Scene: Bandit and Chilli exit. Before she does however, she knocks over a bottle of confetti.
Chilli: Oh goodness!
Bandit: Eh, we'll clean it up in the morning.
Chilli: Night kids!
Scene: Chilli and Bandit leave.
Bingo: Bluey!
Bluey: Yeah, Bingo?
Bingo: Why did the easter bunny only forget us?
Bluey: I don't know!
Bingo: Do you think he'll remember us this time?
Bluey: Yeah, I do! Night, Bingo.
Scene: Bluey goes to sleep and Bingo stares up at the ceiling.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Easter.
Scene: The shot cuts to Bluey waking up in the morning. She suddenly sits up.
Bluey: It's Easter! Bingo, wake up!
Scene: Bingo is startled and falls out of bed.
Bingo: Did he come!?
Scene: Bluey checks her easter pouch on her bed.
Bluey: I'm not sure. I can't see any eggs!
Scene: Bingo goes to check hers as well.
Bingo: Mine's empty too! He forgot us again!
Bluey: Wait!
Bingo: What is it?
Scene: Bingo runs over to Bluey, who pulls out a rainbow box out of her easter pouch, the only item in there.
Bluey: It's a box!
Bingo: Eeee, the egg must be inside!
Scene: Bluey opens the box and turns it over, only to find it empty.
Bluey: It's empty!
Bingo: Awwww....
Bluey: Let's check yours again!
Scene: Bluey & Bingo run over to the latter's bed, as Bingo reaches into her easter pouch and pulls out the letter B.
Bingo: There is something! Oh, it's just a buh. He doesn't care about us!
Scene: Discouraged, Bingo sits down with a saddened expression.
Bluey: He does, Bingo! I think these are clues to where he's hidden our easter eggs!
Scene: Bluey examines the items and tries to think of what it could mean.
Bluey: Ooh, I know! Letter, box!
The Pups: Letterbox!
Scene: The shot cuts to Bluey and Bingo, who are speeding down the hallways with the easter pouches strapped to their backs. They run down the stairs and outside to the letterbox.
Bingo: Are the eggs in there?
Bluey: No, just a chatterbox.
Bingo: Is it from the easter bunny!?
Bluey: It is! Look!
Scene: Bingo squeals and Bluey tries solving it.
Bluey: Easter...egg! Hmmm...what's your favorite color?
Bingo: Blue, like you!
Scene: Bluey lifts up the blue colored flap on the chatterbox, and shows a picture of the easter egg and a chef hat.
Bluey: It's a cook's hat, with an egg!
Bingo: What does it mean?
Bluey: Well, cooks work in the kitchen...maybe the easter eggs are in the kitchen!
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: The two laugh and run back inside the house.
Bingo: The easter bunny knows my favorite color!
Bluey: I told you he cares about you!
Scene: The pups run into the kitchen, where Bandit and Chilli are.
Bandit: Happy Easter-- hey!
Chilli: Hey!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo scramble to find the easter eggs, pushing Bandit and Chilli out of the way.
Bluey: Sorry mum, we're looking for the easter eggs! They could be anywhere...
Bingo: Bluey look, it's an egg!
Scene: Bingo points at the front of the refrigerator, where various fridge magnets and letters are shaped to form an easter egg.
The Pups: Whoa...
Scene: Bingo opens the fridge, and Bluey squeals excitedly, believing their hunt to be over. However, they find nothing.
Bluey: Ah, they're not in here.
Bingo: Awww...
Bluey: Wait, look at the normal eggs!
Bingo: Oh? The Easter Bunny doesn't bring normal eggs. He brings chocolate eggs!
Bluey: I know, but look at the end one!
Scene: The camera zooms in on the egg that stands out from the rest, at the end of the carton.
Bingo: Huh? One egg is a kiwi! Maybe there's chocolate inside!
Scene: The shot cuts to Bandit, as Bluey and Bingo run to him.
Bluey: Dad, is there chocolate in this?
Bandit: Let's see!
Scene: Bluey gives Bandit the kiwi, who promptly cuts in half. However, its only a normal kiwi.
Bandit: No, no chocolate.
Bingo: Aww...
Scene: Bluey thinks hard on what it could mean, being a potential clue for the easter eggs' true location.
Bluey: I think I know where the eggs are!
Scene: The pups run to the living room, where the kiwi rug resides.
Bluey: The kiwi rug!
Bingo: I'll look under it!
Bluey: Hmm...I can't see them.
Bingo: Aww...Maybe the easter bunny just likes other children more than me.
Bluey: No, Bingo, he likes you! It's just that..-
Bingo: Ah, look!
Scene: Bingo points to the kiwi rug, where they spot an arrow.
Bluey: It's an arrow!
Bingo: It's pointing to the backyard!
Bluey: Come on!
Scene: The pups run outside into the backyard, where they split up to find it.
Bluey: You look over there!
Scene: Bingo checks the sand castle, and Bluey runs to examine another area.
Bingo: I don't remember that sand castle.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo. Are the poinsettia flowers normally in a straight line?
Bingo: Hmm...Usually they're more higgledy piggledy.
Bluey: I think it's a picture.
Bingo: A picture of what?
Bluey: I don't know! But I know how to find out, come on!
Scene: The pups run up the stairs onto the top of the second floor deck. They go to check the poinsettia petals.
Bluey: Wow.
Bingo: It's a castle! Our eggs must be in the castle!
Bluey: There's a castle in London! We've gotta get to the airport!
Bingo: No, Bluey! I think it's a different castle!
Scene: The shot cuts back to the sand castle in the backyard.
Bingo: I think it's this one!
Scene: Bluey bashes straight into the castle, destroying it. Afterwards, she begins digging a hole into the sand, squealing in excitement.
Bluey: I hit something!
Bingo: Is it chocolate!?
Bluey: It is, it is!
Scene: Bingo squeals. Have they finally found the easter eggs?
Bluey: Wait...it isn't. It's toilet paper.
Bingo: Awww!
Bluey: Hang on, look! Eggs! It's another clue! Come on!
Scene: Bluey runs off, with Bingo following. She falls into the hole Bluey dug, and giggles. The shot cuts to the bathroom, where they begin looking again.
Bluey: You look over there!
Bingo: There's no eggs in here!
Bluey: There must be! Toilet paper belongs in the toilet! Unless...Oh, no!
Bingo: What?
Bluey: They might be in Dad's toilet!
Scene: The pups gasp, with the camera zooming in on their fearful faces. The shot then cuts to Bandit on the toilet. Bluey and Bingo peek in.
Bandit: Ugh...Bandit!
Bluey: Augh, it stinks!
Bingo: How are we gonna find the next clue?
Bluey: Someone has to go in there!
Bingo: But it stinks so much we'll die!
Bluey: I know!
Bingo: Aww...there will be no Easter.
Bluey: Yes there will be, Bingo. I'm going in!
Scene: Bluey enters the bathroom, holding her breath.
Bluey: Ugh, it stinks. I can't...do it...
Scene: She falls to the ground, before she suddenly pops back up.
Bluey: Wait!
Scene: She looks at the mirror, where a drawing of Bluey and Bingo's bedroom window is present. The shot then cuts back to Bluey exiting the bathroom, coughing and catching a breath of fresh air.
Bingo: Did you find it?
Scene: Bluey gives Bingo a small note with a drawing of the window.
Bingo: Oh, I know what this is!
Scene: The shot cuts to the pups running into their bedroom. Bingo runs up to the window and holds the note over it.
Bingo: It's our window! They must be in here!
Bluey: But we've already looked here! I don't understand!
Bingo: I do. He forgot us again.
Scene: Bingo sits down, discouraged. Bluey accepts defeat and sits down with her.
Bluey: Maybe you're right, Bingo.
Bingo: It's my fault, Bluey. I'm just a small, forgettable child.
Bluey: No you're not, Bingo! You're a great child!
Bingo: Really?
Bluey: Yes, you're smart! You figured out the castle clue all by yourself!
Bingo: Yeah, I did!
Bluey: It's me who's forgettable.
Bingo: You are not! You're brave! You went into Dad's stinky toilet!
Bluey: Oh yeah, I did!
Scene: Bluey stands back up.
Bluey: We're not forgettable!
Bingo: Yeah, we're rememberable!
Scene: The pups hug each other.
Bingo: Happy easter, Bluey.
Bluey: Happy easter, Bing-oooh! Look!
Scene: Bluey points to the easter decorations on the carpet. They're formed to resemble footprints.
Bingo: Footprints! Bunny footprints!
The Pups: Easter Bunny footprints!
Scene: The two squeal excitedly, running to follow the path. The path leads them to Bandit's workroom, where a lamp is set up right above the yoga ball. As Bluey moves the ball aside, they have finally found the easter basket, full of chocolates and other goodies.
Bingo: He remembered us!
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: The credits music is a soft and peaceful resolution to the episode's main soundtrack, which has been building up to the hunt for the easter baskets all this time.
<|endoftext|>
Mum: That one can go.
Dad: Yes, boss.
Mum: Thanks, babe.
Scene: MUM SNIFFING
Bluey: Why are you crying?
Mum: Oh, it's just this room, sweetheart.
Bluey: How does a room make you cry?
Mum: Well, I guess it's not the room, it's who's been in it.
Bluey: Ohh.
Mum: This was your first bed.
Bluey: Yeah. Then I moved into my room.
Mum: And then it was Bingo's first bed.
Bluey: Then she moved into my room?
Mum: And now it's no-one's…
Dad: Alright, so we're dumping the cot?
Mum: Aww!
Scene: BLUEY AND BINGO WHISPER AT HALLWAY BETWEEN OLD ROOM AND BEDROOM
Bingo: She's here.
Bluey: Mum, what's this room going to be now?
Mum: It'll just be a spare room.
Bluey: Can it be my bedroom?
Mum: What? You two want to change bedrooms?
Bluey: No, no. Just me. I'll move into this room, and Bingo will stay in that room.
Bingo: Then we'll each have our own bedroom.
Mum: Well, OK.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Mum: As long as you're sure.
Dad: OK, done.
Mum: Dad, can you move Bluey's bed into here, please?
Dad: Oh, what?
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Bedroom.
Dad: Come on! You...
Bluey: Bingo, can the watermelon rug go in my room?
Bingo: Um, OK. But can we have a rug race first?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Ready, set, go!
Bluey: I'm in the lead! I'm in the lead!
Bingo: Change.
Bluey: Argh, no!
Scene: DAD IN OTHER ROOM
Dad: OK, bed's in.
Bluey: Thanks, big fella.
Dad: Don't call me big fella.
Bingo: Hey, big fella, can you move my bed?
Dad: Oh, man.
Scene: IN BEDROOM
Dad: Phew. Done.
Bingo: Thanks, Dad.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo, you moved your bed to where mine was.
Bingo: Yeah, is that OK?
Bluey: Sure, that's fine.
Bingo: I did it so we can still watch Malcolm.
Bluey: Oh, yeah, good one. What's he doing?
Bingo: Not much.
Bluey: Come on, Malcolm, do something.
Scene: MALCOLM MOVING LITTLE BIT
Bluey and Bingo: Ooh, he heard us!
Bluey: OK, these teddies are all mine.
Bingo: And these are all mine.
Bluey: Yes, now. What about Gloria?
Bingo: Yes, what about Gloria?
Bluey: She was a Christmas present to me from Grandad. But you didn't get a Christmas present from Grandad.
Bingo: 'Cause he forgot I was born.
Bluey: Yes, he forgot you were born.
Bingo: So you said, It's OK, Bingo, she can be both of ours.
Bluey: Yes, that's right.
Bingo: So whose room should she go in?
Bluey: Hmm, she can go to yours.
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey. But how about she sleeps over at yours tonight?
Bluey: Oh, OK.
Bingo: Bluey! Who keeps lampy?
Bluey: Oh, um, you can keep her.
Bingo: No, it's OK. You take lampy.
Bluey: Thanks.
Bingo: But can we play Asleep Awake?
Bluey: Ooh, OK.
Scene: BLUEY TURN OFF LAMPY
Bluey: A...sleep.
Scene: BINGO DOING FAKE SNORES
Scene: BLUEY TURN ON LAMPY
Bluey: Awake!
Bingo: Ah!
Scene: BLUEY TURN OFF LAMPY
Bluey: Asleep.
Scene: BINGO DOING FAKE SNORES
Scene: BLUEY TURN ON LAMPY
Bluey: Awake.
Bingo: Ah!
Scene: BLUEY KEEP TURNING LAMPY OFF AND ON
Bluey: Asleep. Awake.
Bingo: Ah!
Bluey: Asleep. Awake. Asleep. Awake. Asleep. Awake.
Scene: SCENE BEFORE GOING TO SLEEP
Dad: OK, kids, into bed. Come on. Big D's ready for knock-off. Hey, hey, hey, where you going?
Bluey: Oh, yeah, I forgot.
Bingo: 'Night, Bluey.
Bluey: 'Night, Bingo.
Bingo: Sleep tight.
Bluey: You too.
Bingo: Don't let the bed bugs bite. Take care of Gloria. And lampy.
Bluey: Yes, I will. And...
Dad: Alright. Come on, come on.
Scene: IN BLUEY'S BEDROOM
Mum: You all set, Bluey?
Bluey: Yep.
Mum: Exciting!
Bluey: Hee-hee!
Mum: 'Night.
Bluey: 'Night.
Bluey: Ooh, tell Bingo to say goodnight to Malcolm for me.
Mum: OK.
Dad: Goodnight, Bingo. (kisses him)
Bingo: Goodnight Daddy.
Dad: Hooray.
Mum: Bingo, Bluey wants you to say goodnight to Malcolm for her.
Bingo: Ooh, OK. Goodnight from Bluey, Malcolm.
Bluey: Because he might be wondering where I am.
Mum: OK, come on. Into bed. 'Night, Bingo.
Bingo: 'Night.
Mum: Now off to sleep, honey.
Bluey: OK, Mum.
Scene: DOWNSTAIRS
Dad: Oh, yeah, couch.
Scene: THUDDING SOUND
Dad: Bags not! (FIRST)
Mum: Bags not! Ah, biscuits.
Scene: UPSTAIRS
Bingo: Ooh, careful.
Mum: What's going on?
Bluey: It's OK. Bingo said I can have them.
Mum: It's bedtime, kids, come on. You should have done this earlier.
Bingo: But Bluey needs books.
Mum: Ugh. Come on, hurry up. There. Done. 'Night.
Bluey: 'Night!
Mum: Bingo!
Bingo: It's OK, she can have it.
Mum: OK, that's the last thing. No more leaving your rooms, OK? It's bedtime.
Bluey and Bingo: OK, Mama.
Bluey: Ooh!
Scene: DRAW PICTURE AS MESSAGES
Bingo: Huh? Oh, yeah!
Scene: BINGO ROLL A BOTTLE
Bluey: Sorry, Gloria, I forgot your bottle.
Scene: BLUEY AND BINGO KEEP DRAWING FOR MESSAGE
Scene: DOWNSTAIRS
Scene: THUDDING SOUND
Dad: Bags not! (FIRST)
Mum: Bags not! Arghh! Again.
Dad: Hahaha, Too good.
Scene: UPSTAIRS
Bingo: Ehh... Eh! Arghh!
Scene: IN BLUEY'S BEDROOM
Mum: What is going on here?
Bluey: I didn't leave the room.
Mum: Well, no messages either. Come on, it's bedtime.
Bluey: OK.
Mum: Are you OK, sweetie?
Bluey: I'm just not sure I've got everything I need.
Mum: What? You've got your bed, you've got your books and the rug. You've even got the ladder. What else do you need?
Scene: BLUEY WHISPER TO MUM
Mum: How about one last message?
Scene: IN BINGO'S BEDROOM
Bingo: Goodnight, Missy. Goodnight, Lila. Goodnight, Grandpa Bob, wherever you are.
Scene: PAPER COMING INTO ROOM
Bingo: Ooh.
Scene: DOWNSTAIRS
Dad: All good?
Mum: All good, big fella. But you'll have to move Bluey's bed back in the morning.
Dad: Oh, what? Does she miss her old room?
Scene: BLUEY AND BINGO SLEEP TOGETHER
Mum: No. It's not the room.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: It’s a rainy day in (sunny) Queensland and Bluey is in her pretend taxi making various Taxi noises.
Bluey: Beep Beep! Anyone need the taxi?
Bandit: Taxi Taxi!
Bluey: Oh a passenger.
Bandit: (paints) I'm in a big hurry taxi driver i need to get to the airport.
Bluey: Ok i can take you to the airport.
Bandit: Thanks I'm late for my flight to Tasmania
Bluey: Yes sir.
Bandit: Can i just check, you won't break down or get lost or pick up another passenger will you?
Bluey: Of course not.
Bandit: Oh good because I've .
Bingo: Taxi
Bluey: Oh another passenger
Bandit: WOAH OH knew it.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called, Taxi!
Bluey: May I put that stroller in the booth for you?
Bingo: Please do.
Bandit: What's going on?
Bluey: Be with you in a moment sir. Feel free to get out and have a stretch.
Bandit: I haven't got time for this .
Bingo: (moves Bandit outta the way) I am a rich lady.
Bandit: (Makes disgusting sounds).
Bluey: Where to madam Click.
Bingo: I'm taking Millicent to Stumblytastics.
Bluey: you've got it (Starts making taxi noses but is interrupted by dad.
Bandit: Hang on I thought we were going to the airport first.
Bingo: Millicent will not be late!
Bandit: Okay!
Bluey: It's fine, it's probably on the way, with our Satnav.
Bandit: Oh here we go.
Bluey: Click, Satnav, take us to Stumblytastics please.
Chilli: Ok, Calculating shortest route to Stumblytastics.
Chilli: Continue on this road for 500 meters.
Bluey: Thanks Satnav. Satnav will get us there in a gippie
Bandit: Well i should hope so.
Bluey: you've got it (Starts making taxi noses)
Bingo: Oh no Millicent is getting car-sick.
Bluey: Don't let her vomit on my seats
Chilli: 5 meters turn left onto this road.
Bluey: Okay.
Chilli: I think.(Bandit starts to get worried).
Bluey: Turning left(Everyone in the Taxi leans to the left to make it look like they are in a real taxi thats turning left).
Chilli: Or was it right I think it was right, i'm not quite sure.(Bandit starts to get worried).
Scene: Everyone in the Taxi leans to the right to make it look like they are in a real taxi thats turning right.
Chilli: Let's just see where this takes us.
Bandit: CHEESE AND CRACKERS! we're completely lost.
Bingo: Almost there Millicent.
Chilli: Oh wait I recognize that kebab shop turn left here turn here.
Bluey: Okay (Everyone in the Taxi leans to the left to make it look like they are in a real taxi thats turning left).
Chilli: Oh no, this isn't right.
Bandit: OH COME ON!
Chilli: Sorry.
Bluey: (giggles) Oh Satnav.
Bingo as Millicent: Waaa Be sick.
Chilli: Quick, get on this roundabout.
Bluey: Okay (Everyone in the Taxi leans to the left to make it look like they are in a real taxi that/s turning left).
Chilli: Actually, there is a really good dress shop around here.
Bandit: Satnav, focus!
Chilli: Oh yes, sorry.
Chilli: Turn left here.(Everyone in the Taxi leans to the left to make it look like they are in a real taxi that/s turning left) Now Stop.
Bingo as Millicent: (pretends to vomit).
Bandit: AHH! This baby is vomitting alover me!
Bingo: Here name is Millicent!
Chilli': You have arrived at Stumblytastics to the best of my knowledge.
Bandit: Finally.
Bingo: This isn't Stumblytastics!
Bluey: Yeah this is the Zoo.
Bandit: BEANS ON TOAST!
Bingo: Why did you take us to the zoo?
Chilli: I really wanted to see the penguins.
Bluey: (giggles) Oh Satnav.
Bingo as Millicent: I want to see the penguins too.
Bingo: Okay let's go.
Bluey: I'll get your stroller.
Bluey: unclick.
Bluey: Oh passenger Feel free to have a stretch.
Bandit: I don't want to have a stretch. PLEASE can't you just take me to the airport? I'm late for my flight.
Bluey: Sure.
Bandit: Oh okay, let's go, we can just make it.
Bluey: Click, I'll just turn the keys, mi mi mi mi mi, mi mi mi mi mi Oh dear.
Bandit: What is it?
Bluey: Car won't start.
Bandit: Oh, GOODNESS GRAVY!
Bluey: Not to worry i'll call the mechanics (Makes telephone noises) I'ts ringing. Hello mechanics.
Bingo: Hello love. What's your problem?
Bluey: We've broken down.
Bingo: I'll be right there love.
Bluey: Boob, she'll be right here.
Bandit: Oh good.
Scene: Chill crawls out and Bingo walks in wearing a cap.
Bingo: I'm right here.
Bluey: Hi.
Bingo: Open your bonnet please.
Bluey: Unclick.
Bingo: Oh yeah love, it's your doordad.
Bluey: Oh the doordad.
Bingo: Yeah love, You need a new doordad.
Bluey: Okay a new doordad.
Bingo: It's this doordad.
Bluey: Oh right a new doordad.
Bingo: Yeah love.
Bandit: Will this take much longer?!
Bingo: fix fix fix, there you go love. bye.
Bluey: Thanks. Click.
Bandit: phew, I think I can just make my flight if we hurry.
Bluey: Okay let's go.
Bandit: What is it now, why have we stopped?!
Chilli as a granny: We need to get some sausages love.
Bingo as a granny: How many do we need.
Chilli as a granny: Oh I don't know.
Bandit: Oh hurry up you old chunks!
Bandit: (Groans) old people!  Let's  go.
Bluey: Okay mi mi mi mi mi, mi mi mi mi mi.
Bandit: Oh what know?!
Bluey: Oh sorry about this but we're out of petro.
Bandit: (Nags) That's it! I'm going on foot! Good day to you! SLAM!(runs off)
Bluey: Have a nice evening.
Bandit: Where is that airport? It must be around here somewhere.
Bandit: Hello is this the airport?
Chilli as a secury women: yes you've just made it. 4D pass.
Bandit: Yes, of course.
Chilli as a secury women: sniffs, what's that smell?
Bandit: Baby vomit.
Chilli as a secury women: Oh well, the plane is just through here, you have seat 4F just to your left, Have a nice flight
Bandit: 4D, 4E, 4F here we go.
Bandit: What a day.
Bingo: Millicent, I do hope you don't get air-sick too, Hello.
Bandit: AHHH! Don't take off, I want to get off, where's the pilot? I DEMAND to speak to the pilot!
Bluey: Yo Hoo, That's me, I'm the pilot.
Bandit: OHHHH Biscuits!
Bingo as Millicent: (pretends to vomit).
Scene: CREDITS
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the playroom.  Half the fabric-roofed play house has been curtained off with a towel, making an office.  Bluey is sitting at a low table in front of the play house, typing on a computer made from a sideways book.  Chairs have been arranged in a semicircle in front of her table.
Bluey: Ring, ring!
Scene: Bluey pantomimes answering a phone.
Bluey: This is the doctor's office. Hello. It's Edna speaking. How are you?
Scene: Honey walks up to Bluey.
Honey: Hello, I need to see the doctor now.
Scene: Bluey holds up a finger in the universal gesture for one second, and continues talking on the phone.
Bluey: Mm, yes, okay. Sure, okay, we'll see you in 15 months. Bye. Click.
Scene: Bingo and Chilli emerge from behind the curtain.  Bingo is wearing a wooden stethoscope, and Chilli has a pink ribbon tied around her nose.
Chilli: Thank you, Doctor. My schnozz feels great.
Bingo: Just keep it on for six months.  See ya!
Bluey: Please choose a lollipop on your way out.
Chilli: Why, thank you.
Scene: Chilli takes a lollipop and licks it.
Chilli: Ooh, lychee.
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called: The Doctor.
Bluey: Sorry about that. How can I help?
Honey: I need to see the doctor.
Bluey: (pretending to type) Oh, yes, I'm sure we can squeeze you in tightly.
Honey: (jumping) Great!
Bluey: Now, what's wrong with you today?
Honey: Nothing. I'm fine.
Bluey: (whispering) Honey, playing doctors, you have to make up something wrong with you.
Honey: Oh, yes, of course.
Scene: Honey thinks for a moment.
Honey: What do you think should be wrong with me?
Bluey: It's up to you.
Honey: Um, what if I bumped my knee? (giggles)
Bluey: Okay, here's a clipboard. Please take a seat. The doctor won't be long.
Scene: Honey starts to walk towards the seats.
Bluey: (whispering) Honey, you have to hobble when you walk.
Honey: Oh, yes.
Scene: Honey limps to a chair and sits down.  After a moment, Bingo emerges from the office.
Bingo: Next patient please!
Honey: That's me!
Scene: Honey jumps up and takes a step.
Bluey: Hobble!
Scene: Honey limps to the front desk.
Bingo: What seems to be the matter?
Bluey: She's bumped her knee, Doctor.
Bingo: Oh. You sure that's it?
Honey: Yeah, that's it.
Bingo: Okay, we'll have that fixed in a jiffy.
Scene: Bingo pulls a grabber claw out from behind the desk, and clicks it twice.
Lucky: (from offscreen) Aaaah!  I need to see the doctor!
Scene: Lucky runs in to the waiting area.  He's holding a crocodile plush to his head and thrashing it around.  Bingo hands Honey the claw and runs to examine Lucky.
Lucky: Ooh, there's a crocodile on my head!
Bingo: Oh, my.  This is a real pickle.
Scene: Bingo puts a hand on Lucky's back and starts to guide him towards the office.  Lucky has his eyes closed and is feeling in front of him with his hands.
Bingo: Don't worry!
Scene: Lucky walks into the table.
Lucky: Ow!
Scene: Bingo points him towards the office.
Bingo: We'll fix that in a jiffy.
Scene: Bingo and Lucky enter the office.  Bingo sticks her head out for one last comment.
Bingo: Edna, hold my appointments.
Bluey: Oh, I'm sorry dear. Please take a seat. I'm sure the doctor won't be long.
Bingo: (from offscreen) This is gonna take ages!
Honey: Oh, okay.
Scene: Honey puts the claw down on the chair next to her, sits down, and takes a magazine to read.  The office curtain begins to thrash around.  One plushie after another is thrown out into the room.
Bingo: (offscreen) I'm just trying to pull the mouth open!
Lucky: (offscreen) Ugh!
Bingo: (offscreen) This might sting...
Lucky: (offscreen) Ugh!
Scene: Bingo is pulling on something so hard that she's leaning out from behind the curtain.
Bingo: ...but just for a little bit!
Scene: Bingo snaps back behind the curtain.
Lucky: (offscreen) Ow!
Bingo: (offscreen) Aaaaaah!
Scene: Bingo is visible past the edge of the curtain again.  She appears to climb up Lucky's body and stand on his shoulders to grab the alligator's tail.
Bingo: (panting) He's a wily one!
Scene: Bingo yanks on the tail.
Bingo: Yaaaah!
Scene: Bingo loses her grip and falls into one of the wooden play house supports.
Lucky: (offscreen) Oh, careful doctor!
Bingo: Ow!
Scene: Bingo gets up and charges shoulder-first into the office.  Toys are being flung out at an even faster rate.
Bluey: Would you like a cup of tea while you wait?
Honey: Yes, thanks.
Lucky: (offscreen) Ugh!
Bingo: (offscreen) Yaaaah!
Scene: The shot changes to focus on just Bluey and Honey.  Bluey hands her a teacup and saucer.
Bluey: Are you sure you haven't been attacked by a giraffe or something?
Honey: Um, no.
Bluey: Cause that would be a real pickle.
Bingo: (offscreen) There it goes!
Scene: We hear a pop, and the alligator plush sails over Bluey and Honey's heads.  I lands offscreen with a clatter.
Bluey: Oh. Looks like she's done.
Scene: Bingo shows Lucky out of the office.  She has wrapped his entire head in an elastic bandage.  Unable to see, he's feeling in front of him with his arms.
Bingo: Out you come.
Lucky: Beautiful, Doctor.
Bingo: Just keep the bandages on for 11 years.
Scene: Lucky walks into the desk again.
Bluey: Choose a lollipop.
Scene: Lucky feels around the table until he finds a lollipop.
Lucky: See ya.
Scene: Lucky walks out, still feeling in front of him with his free hand.
Bingo: Okay, who's next?
Honey: That's me!
Bingo: Oh, yes -- sore knee.  Right this way.
Scene: Bingo gestures towards the office, and Honey stands up.  At that moment, Snickers runs in holding an inflatable cactus wearing a sombrero.
Snickers: Help! I cuddled a cactus!
Bluey: Oh, no!
Scene: Snickers swings around, revealing the crocodile plush attached to his bum.
Bluey, Bingo, and Honey: Aaah!
Snickers: and then a crocodile flew out of the sky and bit me on the bottom!
Bluey: My stars! This is a real pickle!
Bingo: Don't worry.
Scene: Bingo whips out a toy eggbeater.
Bingo: We'll have you fixed in a jiffy.
Scene: Bingo walks back to the office, Snickers follows.
Snickers: Oww, oww, oww, oww, oww!
Bingo: Edna, hold my appointments!
Snickers: Oww, oww, oww, oww!
Scene: Both enter the office.
Honey: Awww! But what about my knee?
Scene: Honey sits back down, sadly.  The office curtain begins to thrash again.  The cactus emerges briefly, with Bingo riding it.
Snickers: (offscreen) Oww!
Bingo: Aah! Wriggling will just make it harder!
Scene: The eggbeater flies out of the office.  Bluey brings Honey another cup of tea.
Bluey: Oh, I'm sorry about the wait, Honey.
Honey: Am I definitely the next patient, Bluey?
Bluey: You are definitely the next patient.
Scene: Indy and Coco run in.  Indy has hidden her arms inside her vest, and Coco is wearing a red foam finger with the number 1 on it.
Coco: Aaaaah!
Indy: We need to see the doctor!
Bluey: Oh, my!
Indy: I was hanging out the washing, and my arms fell off!
Coco: And I got bitten by seven scorpions.
Bluey: Oh, my, my!
Honey: (disappointed) Oh, this looks like a real pickle.
Indy and Coco: It is!
Honey: I'm never gonna see the doctor.
Bluey: Don't worry, Honey. I promise you'll be the next patient.
Honey: Really?
Bluey: Yes. Definitely.
Scene: Rusty runs in.  He's clutching his stomach.
Rusty: Yaaaah!  I need a doctor!
Bluey: What's wrong, Rusty?
Rusty: I accidentally ate a hippopotamus. And now when I burp, I burp out baby hippopotamuses.  Burp!
Scene: Rusty throws out a wind-up hippo toy, which runs around on the rug.
Bluey, Honey, Indy, and Coco: Aah!
Bluey: Oh, no! Baby hippos!
Scene: Bluey starts chasing the wind-up hippo.
Coco: Quick, Indy, grab it!
Indy: But I've got no arms!
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: The girls back away from the wind-up hippo.  The hippo bumps into Honey's chair; she lifts her feet out of the way.
Coco: Get 'em!  Get 'em out!
Indy: Get him!
Scene: Bluey comes back for round two.
Bluey: Come on, little wriggly one!
Scene: Bluey makes a grab for the hippo, but it runs between her legs.  It passes by Indy and Coco.
Indy: Aaah!
Coco: Get away, baby hippo!
Rusty: Burp!
Scene: Rusty throws out two more wind-up hippos.
Bluey, Honey, Indy, and Coco: Aah!
Rusty: Two more!
Scene: The girls climb up on chairs to avoid the hippos.  Bingo and Snickers come out of the office.  Bingo is carrying the crocodile plush, and Snickers is covered in colorful adhesive bandages.
Bingo: Oh, my goodness! This is a real pickle!  Rusty, you best come in here right away.
Scene: Rusty walks across the waiting room, clutching his stomach and moaning.
Rusty: Ohhhhh!
Bingo: Edna, hold my appointments.
Honey: I knew it.
Scene: Rusty and Bingo enter the office.
Bingo: (offscreen) Stay still!
Rusty: (offscreen) Burp!
Bingo: (offscreen) How many hippos have you got in there?
Snickers: Can I have a lollipop?
Scene: Bluey nods.  Snickers takes the last lollipop.
Bingo: (offscreen) Yaaah!
Rusty: (offscreen) Burp!
Bluey: Don't be sad, Honey.
Scene: Bluey and Honey sit back down.
Honey: Awwww.  Everyone's problem is a real pickle, except mine.
Rusty: (offscreen) Burp!
Bingo: (offscreen) Oh, my!  Aaaaah!
Rusty: (offscreen)Oh, there's another one!
Scene: Rustly leans out from the office and throws a hippo toy.
Rusty: Burp! They're everywhere!
Bingo: (offscreen) Yahh!
Scene: Bingo runs out of the office and captures the hippo.
Bingo: Come here!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey and Honey.
Bingo: (offscreen) Yaaaah!
Rusty: (laughs)
Scene: Honey starts kicking her feet from side to side.  Bluey copies her.  Honey notices, and they both pause for a second.  They both nod, and start kicking their feet in sync.  After a moment, they both laugh.
Bluey: You always make me laugh.
Honey: Yeah, I always make you laugh.
Scene: They resume kicking their feet together.  Bingo runs into the shot, chasing a wind-up hippo.
Bingo: Come here, you baby hippo!
Scene: She carries it out of shot, pantomiming a struggle.
Bluey: Do it again.  Do something funny!
Honey: Okay, watch this.
Scene: The shot pulls back to show Coco and Indy as well.  Honey gets up and as she talks, makes large exaggerated motions as though she's acting on a stage.
Honey: Now, for most dogs, their tail wags, and their body stays still.
Scene: Honey demonstrates tail-wagging.
Honey: But not me. Ta-da!
Scene: Honey flails her whole body from side to side, while keeping the tip of her tail still.
Bluey, Indy, and Coco: (laughter)
Coco: That's so funny!
Scene: Bingo and Rusty exit the office.  Bingo is visibly exhausted.
Rusty: Oh, thanks, Doctor. I won't eat any more hippopotamuses again.
Bingo: (breathing heavily) I think there are -- there are some lollipops
Scene: around here...somewhere.
Scene: Bingo notices Honey, who is still flailing around.
Bingo: Oh, my stars! Your tail and your body are all mixed up!
Indy: (laughing) Her body's wagging!
Coco: (laughing) But her tail is still!
Bingo: This is a real pickle.
Scene: Honey stops flailing about.
Honey: Really? A pickle?
Bingo: This is the biggest pickle I've ever seen. Come with me right away.
Scene: The music begins to swell emotionally.  Bingo gestures for Honey to follow her into the office.  Honey's tail starts wagging for real as she follows, giggling.
Bingo: Don't worry. We'll have you fixed up in a jiffy.
Bluey: Hobble!
Scene: Honey hops the last few steps into the office on one leg.
Bingo: Edna, you best hold all of my appointments.
Bluey: Sure thing. (giggles)
Scene: Bluey returns to her seat as the receptionist and starts pretending to type.  She hums along with the music.  The music stops abruptly a moment before the climax, and the camera cuts to Bandit.  He's lying on cushions on the floor, covered in toilet paper bandages and snake plushies, with a toy thermometer in his mouth.
Bandit: Will the doctor be much longer?
Bluey: (offscreen) Oh, just be patient!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode theme. The children scream and laugh over the music.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens at the playground.  Bluey swings from the monkey bars.  Chilli holds Bingo up so she can grab onto the rings.
Bluey: Mum, am I better at the monkey bars than Bingo?
Chilli: Well, you are two years older than her, Bluey.
Bluey: Am I better than Judo?
Chilli: You're about the same as Judo.
Bluey: I'm not! Judo cant do skip bar or backwards one bar.
Scene: She demonstrates skip bar and backwards one bar.
Chilli: Well, she'll get there one day.
Bluey: But am I better than her on this day?
Scene: Chilli sets Bingo down.
Chilli: Bluey, just run your own race.
Bluey: Huh? What does that mean?
Scene: She drops to the ground.  Chilli and Bingo take a seat on the monkey bar platform.
Chilli: Come here.
Scene: Bluey jumps up and takes a seat next to Chilli.
Chilli: Have I told you the story of when you took your first steps?
Scene: She taps Bluey on the nose.
Bluey: Ooh! No!
Chilli: Well, it all started when you were still a baby.
Scene: In the past, baby Bluey lays on her stomach on the kiwi rug, drooling and burbling.  She wears a red nappy.
Scene: The camera cuts to Bandit - also lying face down on the kiwi rug, snoring and drooling.
Scene: The camera pulls back. This version of the play room is almost empty, save for a treadmill and dumbbell in the corner. The last strip of polka-dot wallpaper has not yet been put up.  Chilli waves a rattle over Bluey.  These younger versions of Chilli and Bandit do not have grey hairs in their fur.
Chilli: Come on, Bluey. Roll over. Roll over!
Scene: Baby Bluey stops drooling, sees her mom and rolls over to her back.  The scene cuts to a first-person view from Bluey's perspective, and the room spins as she rolls over.
Chilli: [voiceover] You learned to roll over really early.
Scene: Baby Bluey coos and reaches for Chilli.
Chilli: BANDIT!!! She rolled over!! She rolled over!!
Scene: Bandit wakes with a start.  The scene cuts back to Bluey's point of view.
Chilli: She's not meant to do that for ages!
Scene: Bandit leans over Bluey, eclipsing Chilli.
Bandit: Aw, that's my girl!
Scene: Baby Bluey shoves Bandit out of the way, then giggles.
Back in the present: 
Bingo: Hang on, where was I?
Chilli: You weren't born yet, sweetheart.
Bingo: Ooh, I was invisible!
Bluey: Were you proud of me for rolling over so soon?
Chilli: Yes. A little too proud.
Scene: At Nana's house, in the past.  Bandit prepares to change Bluey's diaper on the floor, while Chilli and Nana watch, drinking tea.
Chris: Oh, I've never heard of a baby rolling over that early!
Chilli: I know!
Chris: She's just special.
Scene: Bandit opens Bluey's diaper. He coughs and retches, turning his head away.
Scene: The camera cuts to Mothers' Group, in a bright room with arched windows.  Baby versions of Coco, Bluey, Snickers, and Judo lay on the floor, looking at their respective mothers.
Chilli: [voiceover] But then, one day at Mothers' Group...
Chilli: (to Bella) It is very early to roll over.
Bella: Oh, you're so clever, Bluey!
Wendy: Oh!
Scene: Chilli and Bella turn to look.  The camera pans over to Snickers, Snicker's Mum, Judo, and Wendy.  Judo is sitting up, though she wobbles around.
Wendy: She's sitting, She's sitting!  Oh, Judo, you're sitting all by yourself!
Scene: Baby Judo giggles.
Snickers' Mum: Oh, goodness, that's very early to be sitting!
Wendy: Oh, well, you know, it's not a race.
Bluey: But it was a race.
Scene: Bluey folds her arms and glares at Chilli.
Bingo: A baby race!
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Baby Race.
Scene: The camera cuts back to the playroom.  The wallpaper is all up, and a string of flags hangs on the wall.  There are several cardboard boxes on the floor; Bandit has opened one of them and is in the midst of assembling a baby activity station.  He strains as he tries to bend a guard rail into position.  Meanwhile, Chilli has set up a ring of pillows on the kiwi rug.  She holds Bluey above it.
Chilli: [voiceover] I don't know what got into me, but I was determined I'd get you walking before Judo's mum. I mean, Judo.
Scene: Chilli puts Bluey down among the pillows in a sitting position.
Chilli: There you go...
Scene: Bluey tips over.  Chilli catches her before she falls and sets her back upright.
Chilli: Steady...Bandit! She's sitting!
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: Bandit lets go of the guard rail, which springs up and smacks him in the face.
Bandit: Ack!
Scene: The camera cuts to Bluey's point of view.  She looks up at Chilli.
Chilli: Good gi—
Scene: Bluey falls over backwards.
Chilli: Ah!
Scene: Laying on her back among the pillows, Bluey giggles.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Mother's Group.  The babies are all sitting.
Chilli: [voiceover] But after a lot of practice, eventually, you sat up.
Bella: Bluey, you're sitting!
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Wendy: Judo!
Scene: Judo crawls along the rug in front of them, with Wendy walking behind her.
Wendy: Oh, goodness, I just can't keep track of her!
Scene: Baby Bluey babbles, then falls and laughs.  Chilli watches Judo, sadly.
Back in the present: 
Bluey: Judo crawled before me as well?!
Bingo: Judo beat you again!
Bluey: (accusingly) And just what did you do about this?
Chilli: Well, I tried my best.
Scene: In the past, Bluey sits on the kiwi rug in the playroom.  Chilli backs up a few paces.  Behind them on the verandah, Bandit attempts to put on the papoose.
Bandit: This thing, how d'you... c'mon...
Scene: Chilli claps to get Bluey's attention.
Chilli: Come on, Bluey, crawl to Mama! You can do it, you can do it!
Bluey: [voiceover] Did I do it?
Scene: Baby Bluey rolls across the floor, bumping off Chilli's foot. She sits up, then laughs again.
Chilli: [voiceover] Not exactly.
Scene: In the present, Bluey laughs.
Bluey: Why was I rolling?
Chilli: I dunno, kid. You didn't come with instructions.
Scene: The scene cuts to a doctor's office.  A skeleton model hangs from a hook.  Chilli sits across a desk from a doctor.
Chilli: [voiceover] The doctor said there was nothing to worry about.
Doctor: Some babies just roll before they crawl.
Scene: Baby Bluey rolls across the office floor, bumping into the skeleton stand.  She laughs.
Scene: The scene cuts to the Heelers' living room at night.  Chilli sits on the couch, intently reading a baby book, with more than a dozen others piled beside her.  Behind her, in the sun room, Bandit holds Bluey, pacing back and forth in the sun room.  His eyes have bags under them.
Chilli: But I wasn't having that.
Bandit: (listlessly) ♫ 99 bottles of thing on the wall... ♫
Chilli: Aha!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the play room.  Chilli and Bandit demonstrate crawling for Bluey.
Chilli: (coaxing) It's fun to crawl.
Scene: Baby Bluey giggles.
Chilli: (coaxing) Oh, how good is crawling? It's better than rolling.
Scene: Bandit puts his knee on an electronic book.  It makes an elephant noise, as Bandit falls over clutching his knee.
Bandit: YOW! My knees!
Scene: Baby Bluey laughs loudly.
Back in the present: 
Bluey: Did I do it?
Bingo: Did Bluey crawl?
Chilli: Not exactly.
Scene: Back in the past, in the playroom, Chilli and Bandit crouch at one end of the kiwi rug.  Bluey sits at the other end.
Chilli: Come on, Bluey! You can do it! Crawl to me!
Scene: Bluey reaches out to Chilli, then after a moment, she puts her hands on the floor.  She pulls herself forward, sliding on her bum, giggling.
Bandit: Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Bum shuffle!
Back in the present: 
Bluey: Bum shuffle?!
Chilli: Bum shuffle.
Scene: The scene cuts to Mothers' Group.  Bluey bum shuffles across the floor.
Chilli: [voiceover] You were a bum shuffler.
Scene: Bluey bum shuffles past Coco and Snickers, who are crawling at this point.  Judo stands upright, holding on to a stool.
Bella: Woo hoo! Go Bluey!
Chilli: [voiceover] Meanwhile, Judo was pulling herself up on furniture...
Back in the present: 
Chilli: ...which is the step right before walking.
Bluey: And I was just bum shuffling around?!
Bingo: You are definitely not winning the baby race.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the doctor's office.  Bluey bum shuffles across the floor.
Chilli: The doctor said there was nothing to worry about.
Doctor: Some babies just bum shuffle before they crawl.
Scene: Baby Bluey runs into the skeleton and falls over backwards, laughing.  Chilli looks at her, concerned.
Scene: The scene cuts to the living room, late at night.  Chilli types something on a laptop.
Chilli: [voiceover] But I wasn't having that.
Scene: The scene cuts to the playroom.  Chilli sets Bluey down on her hands and knees, with Bandit a few paces away.
Chilli: See, feels good, doesn't it? Feels like you wanna crawl, right?
Back in the present: 
Bingo: Did she crawl?
Mum: Yes!
Bluey, Bingo: Hooray!
Back in the playroom: 
Chilli: [voiceover] Backwards.
Scene: Baby Bluey suddenly starts crawling backwards as she giggles.  Bandit laughs, then imitates a truck backing up.
Bandit: Beep, beep, beep!
Scene: Chilli sags, disappointed.
Scene: Back in the present, Bingo laughs while Bluey facepalms.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the doctor's office.
Chilli: [voiceover] The doctor said there was nothing to worry about.
Scene: Baby Bluey crawls backwards, bumping into the skeleton.  She falls to the floor, laughing.
Scene: The scene cuts to the balcony at Nana's house.  Nana holds Bluey on her lap, while Chilli looks on, worried.  Bandit slouches in an armchair.
Chilli: [voiceover] But Nana wasn't having that.
Chris: Let's stop mucking around, eh? A bit of olive oil on those knees will do the trick.
Scene: She picks up a bottle of olive oil and applies it to Bluey's knees.  She sets Bluey down on the floor.
Chilli: But how is olive oil gonna h-
Scene: Bluey attempts to crawl, but her knees slip out from under her and she falls flat on her stomach.  She laughs.
Chilli: Ohmygoodness!
Bandit: Mum, what are you doing?!
Scene: Bluey gets up, and her knees slip again.
Chris: If she can't crawl, she'll have to walk.
Bandit: This isn't legal anymore!
Scene: Bluey gets up on her knees and falls again.
Chilli: Whoop!
Scene: Nana bends down to scoop up a handful of soil from a potted plant.
Chris: I'll sprinkle some grit down, too.
Scene: When she looks up, Bandit, Chilli, and Bluey are gone.
Chris: Oh, where'd they go?
Scene: Back in the present, Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Chilli: Your Nana's old school.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Mothers' Group.  Bluey crawls backwards.  The other babies are walking.  Snickers falls on his bum.
Chilli: None of it mattered, though. Judo had won the baby race.
In the present: 
Bingo: Oh, biscuits.
Bluey: Were you upset with me that I lost the baby race?
Scene: Chilli pulls Bluey into a side-hug.
Chilli: No, sweetie.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the play room.  Chilli sits on the kiwi rug, looking sadly at the floor.
Chilli: [voiceover] Look, we were all learning to do things for the first time. I just felt like I was doing everything wrong.
Scene: Bandit walks in, with Bluey in one arm, and a basket of laundry in the other.
Bandit: Aren't you going to Mothers' Group?
Scene: Bluey reaches for Chilli.  Chilli sighs.
Scene: The scene cuts to Mothers' Group. Chilli and Bluey are absent.  Snickers is wearing a green and gold baseball cap.
Snickers' Mum: Yeah, isn't it a cute hat, it's like he was born in it.
Scene: Wendy laughs.  Bella looks concerned.
Scene: The scene cuts to the back yard.  Bluey sits in the shade of the poinciana tree, playing with leaves.  Chilli sits sadly on the steps.
Chilli: [voiceover]But then, one day, Coco's mum came to see me.
Scene: Bella walks in, carrying Coco.
Bella: Hi, Chilli.
Chilli: Bella! Oh, hello. I'm so sorry, the house is a mess.
Back in the present: 
Chilli: We chatted for a while and then she showed me a photo.
Scene: Back in the past, Bella hands Chilli a photograph.  It's a family photograph showing Bella, her husband, and their nine children, from infant Coco up to several teenagers.
Chilli: Are these all your children?
Bella: Yep!
Chilli: I thought Coco was your first.
Bella: No, I've got eight kids! Wait, no. Nine.
Chilli: I had no idea! Wow... you must have learned a thing or two.
Bella: I have. And there's something you need to know.
Scene: Bella puts her hand on Chilli's knee.
Chilli: What?
Scene: The camera cuts to Chilli's perspective, allowing Bella to deliver her next line directly to the camera.
Bella: You're doing great.
Scene: Chilli tears up and embraces Bella, as Coco joins Bluey to play with the leaves.
Scene: Back in the present, Chilli dabs at her eye with a handkerchief.  She sniffles.
Bingo: Are they happy tears, Mum?
Chilli: (voice breaking) Yeah. Happy tears, honey.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the play room.  A piece of fabric has been twisted into a rope and laid on the kiwi rug to act as a finish line.  Bluey crawls backwards toward it, followed by Bandit and Chilli, bum shuffling.
Chilli: [voiceover] From then on, I decided to run my own race.
Chilli: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Bandit: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Chilli: Yeah! Bluey wins!
Scene: Bandit and Chilli raise their arms in celebration.
Scene: At Mothers' Group, Judo walks up to Chilli and coos.
Baby Judo: Oobi!
Scene: Chilli kneels down and holds her hands.
Chilli: (tenderly) Well done, Judo, you clever girl.
Back in the present: 
Bingo: So, did Bluey ever learn to walk?
Chilli: Yes, honey.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the past, in the kitchen. Chilli is washing dishes.
Chilli: [voiceover] In the kitchen, actually.
Scene: Bluey crawls backwards across the floor behind her.  She stops by the counter.  She puts a hand on the cabinet, and stands.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey's point of view.  She reaches out towards Chilli.
Scene: The scene cuts back to a third-person view.  Bluey's hand leaves the cabinet, and she takes a few steps towards Chilli.
Bluey: Why did I decide to walk in the kitchen?
Scene: Chilli senses that something is going on, and turns around.
Chilli: I don't know, sweetie.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey's point of view.  She reaches out for Chilli with both hands.  Chilli's mouth drops open.
Scene: The scene cuts to Chilli's point of view.  Bluey toddles across the floor towards her.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey's point of view.  Chilli puts her hands to her cheeks, overjoyed.
Bingo: Maybe you just saw something you wanted.
Scene: Chilli kneels down to embrace Bluey, a tear in her eye.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music soars into a new melody, with wordless vocalization.  Bluey dances as the credits roll.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler home, and an argument at breakfast.
Bluey: You did!
Bandit: I didn't!
Bluey: You did!
Bandit: I did not!
Bluey: Did!
Scene: Chilli walks in
Chilli: (yawns) What's going on?
Bluey: Dad blew off right in my face!
Bandit: Did not!
Chilli: Ugh. Bandit, that's a new low!
Bandit: I didn't do it! Why doesn't anyone believe me?
Bingo: 'Cause you're the king of fluffies!
Chilli: I know how to settle this.
Scene: Chilli picks up a wooden spoon
Bingo: Yeah! Whack him!
Chilli: What? No.
Scene: Chilli taps table with said spoon, much like a gavel.
Chilli: Family meeting.
Bluey and Bingo: Oh!
Chilli: This episode of Bluey is called Family Meeting
Bluey: Time to pay Fluffy King!
Scene: Chilli catches up with the rest, with curlers on, looking almost like a judge's wig.
Chilli: Sorry, just had to put my curlers in.
Scene: Chilli taps spoon on table
Chilli: Alright, three rules: one person talks at a time, everyone says, fluffy when talking about Dad's... fluffy,
Bandit: Alleged fluffy.
Chilli: …and most importantly everyone tells the truth.
Scene: Bluey raises hand
Chilli: (points at Bluey) Yes, you.
Bluey: Do we say that Dad fluffied or Dad fluffed?
Bandit: Allegedly.
Chilli: Either.
Bluey: What about he was baking brownies?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh
Bandit: Allegedly!
Scene: Chilli taps table
Chilli: Enough.
Bingo: What does allegebly mean?
Chilli: It means you both get to tell your side of the story and then I decide who's telling the truth, okay?
Bandit: Yes, Your Honour.
Chilli: (interested) Ooh, I like that. Fourth rule, everyone calls me your honour. Okay, Bluey, you first.
Bluey: Yes, Your Honour.
Scene: Scene cuts to a reconstruction on the table, starting with a toy bed and bedside.
Bluey: It all happened this morning. (Places a small dog toy on the bed) Mum, this you asleep, this is me (places a smaller dog toy beside the bed).
Chilli: And where was Dad?
Scene: Bingo searches through the toy box for a prop, and pulls out a toy skunk. The girls laugh as Bluey gleefully puts it on the bed next to Mum.
Bluey: Here!
Bandit: (offended) Hey, your honor!
Chilli: I'll allow it.
Bluey: So I was just here, um, doing something, and Dad got out of bed (picks up Dad), turned (turns him around) and fluffied right in my face! (raspberries to mimic said fluffy, then gags and coughs)
Chilli: Well, I heard enough.
Bandit: (To Chilli) Hey, hang on!
Chilli: Oh yeah. Your side. Make it quick.
Bandit: (To Bingo) Here, give me.
Scene: Bingo gives Bandit the box of toys
Bandit: Check it. (Replaces Bluey's prop for Chilli with a prettier one) Mum was here sleeping, looking gorgeous as usual.
Chilli: Oh, well... (giggles)
Scene: Bingo and Bluey look annoyed
Bingo: Hey!
Bluey: You're trying to make Mum like you more!
Bandit: I got up, went downstairs, and got embroiled in this mess.
Bluey: Hey!
Bandit: What!
Bluey: You missed the bit where you fluffied!
Bingo: Allegbly.
Bandit: It just doesn't sound like the sort of thing I'd do.
Scene: The rest of the family react in surprise
All but Bandit: Oh-oh-oh, yes it does!
Bandit: What!?
Scene: Flashback; the family are in an elevator. Bluey is resting next to Chilli and Bingo looks bored. Bandit, however, has a trick for her
Bandit: Hey Bingo, pull my finger. (shows finger to Bingo)
Scene: Bingo reacts to it as Mum and Bluey become startled hearing that
Bingo: Okay! (proceeds to pull said finger as Bandit prepares for the punchline)
Chilli and Bluey: (hopelessly) Bingo, NO!!
Scene: End flashback
Bandit: Well, fair enough. But on the morning of this morning, I did not bake a brownie!
Bluey: Ooh, I've got a idea.
Scene: Cuts back to table. Bluey pushes a can of beans and toast on a plate on a sign showing that it's exhibit a.
Bluey: Is this what you had for breakfast yesterday? Baked beans on wheat toast?
Bandit: Yep.
Bluey: (walks to the next exhibit, a jar of sauerkraut) Bingo, what's the fluffy level on this?
Bingo: (doots as she rises the fluffy meter). High.
Bluey: Thank you. And then what did you have for lunch, Mr. Heeler?
Bandit: Ah, just some, um... (discretely) Sauerkraut?
Bluey: Excuse me?
Bandit: (clearly) Sauerkraut.
Bluey: Bingo, fluffy level?
Bingo: (doots and rises the fluffy meter higher)
Bluey: Now we had dinner at Indy's house, didn't we?
Bandit: Yep.
Bluey: Can you tell us what you ate?
Bandit: Uh, I'm not sure I ate much.
Chilli: Mr. Heeler!
Bandit: (defeated) Okay, I had a vegan nut roast.
Bingo: Poor dear! (rises meter again)
Bluey: Anything else?
Bandit: Uh, nothing comes to mind.
Bluey: Really? Nothing from the petrol station on the way home that might have gone on this tray? (lifts cloth over exhibit c, revealing a small empty pie tin)
Scene: Bingo and Chilli gasp
Bandit: Oh, well, maybe I had a pie!
Chilli: (disappointed) Oh, Bandit!
Bandit: Well, all I had was nut roast!
Bluey: Bingo, where is the fluffy meter now?
Bingo: (doots as she maximizes the meter) At the top!
Chilli: Sounds like you were ready to blow.
Bandit: My food choices are not on trial!
Scene: A closeup on Chilli's hand as she bangs the table again, then cuts to the hearing chair of said table with Bingo on it
Bluey: Bingo, on the morning of this morning, did you see Dad fluffy in my face?
Bingo: Yes, I did.
Bandit: Oh, what?! Bingo, you weren't even there!
Bingo: (giggles) Yes, I was!
Bluey: Thank you, Bingo. You can leave. (whispers to her) Here's a lollipop. (gives Bingo said lollipop Bluey conveniently hid on her back)
Scene: Bingo squeals in joy as Bandit discovers this dishonesty
Bandit: Hey, Your Honour!
Chilli: (gets up from her chair) Bingo, are you fibbing to get a lollipop?
Scene: Bluey looks sheepish,
Bingo: Yes! (giggles)
Scene: …then concerned as Bingo dobbed on her
Chilli: Give me that.
Bingo: Aw... (disappointed, as she passes it to Bluey who then passes it to Chilli)
Chilli: (to Bandit) Forget that bit. (to Bluey) Bluey, that has not helped your case. Remember, the truth will set you free.
Bluey: Okay, Mum.
Bandit: (coughs) I would like to call on... Mum!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo gasp
Chilli: Me!?
Scene: Cuts to table with the reconstruction bed, with similar setup as previously, then the hearing chair, this time with Chilli.
Bandit: Mrs. Heeler, on the morning of this morning, you didn't hear me fluffy, did you?
Chilli: No.
Bandit: Let's repeat that, you didn't hear me fluffy.
Bluey: 'Cause she was asleep!
Chilli: Yeah. Well, I wasn't asleep. I was dozing. I mean, (to Bandit) I heard you get up and move the bedside table.
Scene: Bandit looks surprised
Bandit: What?
Bluey: Oh, really? (to Chilli) Tell me about this bedside table.
Bandit: (hastily) Um, no further questions, You Honour. You can go now, come on. Get.
Scene: Cuts back to reconstruction bed
Chilli: Well, Dad charges the tablet on his bedside table at night. And sometimes he knocks it off when he gets up.
Scene: Cuts back to hearing chair, as Bandit beside Chilli gets increasingly neurotic
Chilli: And he has to move the table to get it. And it makes this horrible scraping sound like, (tries to vocalize what she heard, then comes realization) oh, no!
Bluey: He didn't move the table! That sound was the fluffy!
Scene: Bingo screams as she holds on to her sister.
Chilli: Bandit!
Bandit: (nervously) Well, maybe we should here from... Uh, that guy? (points to a direction)
All but Bandit: (looking at the direction) What guy?
Scene: Bandit makes a run for it
Bluey and Bingo: Ah! He's running away!
Chilli: Get him, kids!
Scene: The kids has their dad in pursuit around the house
Bandit: You'll never catch me alive!
Scene: Bandit leaps over a couch then tries to hide behind a plant. After he thinks his kids lost him, he makes another run for it. Fortunately, they manage to get to him in time as he was about to get off from the backyard.
Bandit: Freedom!
Scene: Bandit jumps to the backyard, followed by the kids. They are finally able to subdue him as they triumphantly giggle and tickle him.
Bandit: : Ah, get off me! (laughs)
Scene: Scene cuts to another closeup of Chilli hitting the table, followed by a shot of Dad tied up with a jump rope held by Bingo, all next to Bluey.
Chilli: (to Bandit) Is there something you'd like to say?
Bandit: Whoever smelt it, dealt it?
Chilli: (knocks the table again as all eyes are closer to Bandit) Mr. Heeler!
Bandit: Okay, okay, I fluffied.
Chilli: In your child's face?
Bandit: Her face is at bum level! It's hard not to!
Chilli: Well, I seem to manage.
Bandit: Oh, like you don't bake the odd brownie.
Chilli: Bandit!
Bingo: That could've been me!
Scene: Chilli knocks the table as she states the sentence
Chilli: I sentence you to one hour playing Horsey Ride, with the defendant (points at Bluey), and her sister (points at Bingo).
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Chilli: See, Bluey? The truth will set you free.
Bandit: Well, let's test that out, shall we? I have one last question.
Chilli: Okay.
Bandit: (walks closer to Bluey, Bingo holds him) The truth's gonna set someone free. Bluey, what were you doing at bum level on the morning of this morning?
Bluey: Oh! Uh...
Chilli: Bluey?
Bluey: Okay. I was playing computer games on the tablet.
Scene: Chilli gasps
Bandit: Even though Mum said you weren't allowed to play computer games until the weekend?
Bluey: (sheepishly giggles) Yes.
Chilli: Bluey Christine Heeler! (knocks the table again) I sentence both of you to horsey rides. Saddle up, Bingo!
Bingo: Hooray! (whips Bandit with a sticky hand then runs off squealing)
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: Bandit, now without Bingo, puts down the jump rope around his waist. Bluey walks up to him.
Bluey: I'm sorry, Dad.
Bandit: I'm sorry, Bluey.
Scene: They both hug, which is followed by Chilli getting up after pushing the chair away, with a rather strange sound.
Chilli: (knocks table again, hastily) Okay, family meeting over, everyone out!
Bandit: Huh?
Chilli: Come on, quickly! (starts waving her hands to shoo them away)
Bluey: Why do we have to leave so fast?
Bandit: Yeah, what's the hurry?
Chilli: Come on, out!
Bandit: Hang on...
Chilli and Bluey: What's that smell?
Bandit: Out, out, come on!
Bandit and Bluey: (gasp, then point to Chilli, who looks sheepish) Mum fluffied!
Scene: (Chilli stops flapping hands and looks sheepish)
Scene: End of episode
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The play opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler's house.  It's pre-dawn twilight.  A trio of bin chickens walk around the stage, scavenging.  The sound of a garbage truck scares them off.  A flock of rainbow lorikeets swoops back and forth across the stage.
Scene: The scene transitions to the playroom, during the day.  Bluey enters from stage left.
Bluey: Bingooo!  Do you want to play musical statues with me?
Bingo: (offstage) Yes!
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: Bingo enters from stage right.
Bluey: Mooom!
Chilli: (offstage) Yes?
Bluey and Bingo: Do you want to play musical statues with us?
Chilli: (offstage) Yeah!
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: Chilli enters from stage right.
Bluey: Now we just need Dad.
Bluey and Bingo: Daaad! Do you want to play musical statues with us?
Scene: There is no response.  Chilli puts her hands on her hips.
Bluey: Hm.  Let's try again.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Dad! Do you want to play musical statues with us?
Scene: Bandit enters from stage left, out of their view, carrying a basket of laundry.
Chilli: Just one more time.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Dad—
Bandit: What?
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Wha?!
Scene: They jump and turn around.  Then they laugh.
Chilli: Don't do that.
Bandit: Do what?
Bluey: Do you want to play musical statues with us?
Bandit: Okay.
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Bandit sets down the laundry basket and pulls out his phone.
Bandit: Hold on.  Let me find some music.  Okay... music...
Scene: His phone dings.
Bandit: Oh, hang on.  Lucky's dad sent me an article about the lawn grubs.  You think the lawn's looking a bit brown?
Bluey and Bingo: Daaad.
Bandit: Look, I don't know what lawn grubs are, but they don't sound good.
Chilli: I thought you were gonna be off your phone this weekend.
Bandit: Huh? Oh, yeah, I was just choosing some music.  That's right.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: Okay.  Ready?
Bluey and Bingo: Ready!
Bandit: Let's go!
Scene: An arrangement of the Bluey theme begins to play.  The Heelers line up along the edge of the stage, facing the audience, and dance.
Bluey: (singing along) Doo, doo, doo doo dooo.
Bandit: Let's do this to this.  Woo hoo, yeah! C'mon everyone.  Let's dance!
Bingo: Yeah!
Chilli: Yeah! Join in, everyone!  Woo!
Bandit: Shake those tails!
Chilli: Woo!
Bluey: ♫ Da-nanana, na na na! ♫
Scene: The music stops.  Bluey keeps dancing.
Bluey: ♫ Da-nanana, na na na! ♫
Bandit, Bingo, and Chilli: Bluey!
Bluey: ♫ Da-nanana, na na na! ♫
Chilli: Bluey, stop dancing!
Scene: Bandit laughs.
Chilli: Yer out, Bluey!
Bluey: Aww.
Scene: Bluey stops dancing and stands back.
Chilli: Okay, here we go again!
Scene: The music and dancing resume.
Scene: The music stops. Bandit keeps dancing.
Bandit: ♫ Hmm-hmhmhm-hm hm hm-hm, hm-hm.  Hm hm hm hm hm HM hm! ♫
Scene: Chilli laughs.
Bingo: Dad.
Bandit: Aw, biscuits.
Scene: Bandit stands back.  The music and dancing resume.
Chilli: It's just you and me now, Bingo.
Bingo: ♫ Da-da-da-da  da da-da da-da. ♫
Scene: The music stops.  Bingo keeps dancing.
Bingo: ♫ Da-da-da-da da da DA. Da-da-da-da— ♫
Chilli: Bingo.
Bingo: ♫ —da da DA! ♫
Chilli: Bingooo.
Bingo: ♫ Da-da-da-da da— ♫
Chilli: BINGO!
Bingo: Aw, biscuits.
Scene: Bandit snickers.
Chilli: I won!  Woo!
Scene: Chilli raises her arms in celebration.
Bluey: Mom won!
Bandit: Mom wins!
Chilli: Oh, wow! I never win.  Again!
Bandit: All right, let's go again.
Bluey: Bingo, watch this!
Scene: The music starts again, and Chilli and Bandit begin dancing.  Bluey jumps as high as she can.  Bingo watches.
Bluey: Whoooa!  Yeah!
Scene: Bingo starts jumping along with her.
Bingo: Whee! (giggles)
Scene: Bluey goes back to regular dancing.  Bingo watches, then after a few seconds starts doing the same dance.
Bluey: Bingo, you're copying my dancing.
Bingo: Oh, sorry.
Bluey: Moom! Bingo's just copying me!
Chilli: (amused) It's okay.  She can copy you if she wants.
Scene: All four Heelers start dancing in unison.  The music stops (except for a violin).  Mom does a ballet jump.
Chilli: ♫ Deedly-dee-deeee! ♫
Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo: Mum!
Scene: The music resumes.  Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo resume dancing in unison.
Bingo: Mum's out.
Scene: The music briefly turns into Ode to Joy.  The music stops (except for a violin).  Bluey keeps dancing.
Bandit, Bingo, and Chilli: Bluey!
Bandit: Yeah!
Scene: The music resumes, with electric guitar.  Bandit and Bingo play air guitar.  Bingo imitates Chuck Berry's duck walk.  The music stops, Bandit keeps going.
Bandit: ♫ Weedly-weedly-weedly-beedly-beedly-beedly bwee-deer-ner-ner dee dee deeeeew... ♫
Scene: Bandit clears his throat.
Bandit: (quietly) Sorry, got a bit carried away.
Bluey and Bingo: Dad!
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Bingo sinks to her knees and shakes her arms in the air.
Chilli: You did it, Bingo! (laughs)
Bingo: Yeaaaaaah!
Bluey: Again?
Bandit: Bluey, are we just playing again and again until you win?
Bluey: Maybe.  (giggles)
Scene: The regular Bluey theme begins to play.  They resume dancing, imitating the dances from the TV opening.
Bandit: All right.  Woo hoo hoo!
Scene: The music pauses.  Chilli keeps dancing for a moment.  A stagehand holds up the word MUM.
All Heelers and Audience: Mum!
Scene: Chilli steps back.  They resume dancing.
Scene: The music pauses.  Bandit keeps dancing for a moment.  A stagehand holds up the word DAD.
All Heelers and Audience: Dad!
Scene: Bandit steps back.  They resume dancing.
Scene: The music pauses.  Bingo keeps dancing for a moment.  A stagehand holds up the word BiNGO.
All Heelers and Audience: Bingo!
Scene: The music resumes. Bingo jumps into Chilli's arms, as Bluey dances by herself.  As the song ends, she jumps as a stagehand holds up the word BLUEY.
All Heelers and Audience: Bluey!
Scene: Bluey laughs.  Bingo jumps down.
Bluey: That was fun! Can we play Keepy Uppy?
Bandit: Aw, nah.  My battery's flat, kids.
Bluey: Well how will you charge it?
Bandit: By sitting on the beanbag.
Scene: Bandit plops down on the beanbag chair.
Bandit: Ahh.
Bluey: (whinging) No, no beanbag!  You have to keep playing with us.
Chilli: Hey! I was gonna sit there.
Bandit: Nah, bagsed it this morning.
Bluey: He bean-bagsed it this morning.
Bandit: Heh heh! That's funny, Bluey.
Scene: He low-fives her.
Bingo': He bean-bagsed it this morning.
Bandit: And that's funny too, Bingo.
Scene: She's out of reach, so he attempts an air low-five.
Bluey: Heeey, she just copied what I said!
Chilli: Bluey.
Scene: Bandit pulls out a book.
Bandit: Hey, loud people! I'm trying to read my book!
Bluey and Bingo: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah, right.
Chilli: (sarcastically) Right.  Your book.
Bandit: (indignantly) What?
Bingo: We know what you're really doing.
Bandit: What're you talking about?
Chilli: You say you're reading your book.
Bluey: But you're really just on your phone.
Scene: Bluey knocks the book to the floor, revealing that Bandit is, indeed, on his phone.
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli laugh.
Bandit: I was just switching it to silent so as not to disturb my book reading—and for you to suggest otherwise, frankly, is outrageous!
Scene: He picks the book back up and makes a big show of reading.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Chilli: Okay.  So what's your book about?
Bandit: Oh.  Um...  It's the, uh, history of... the beanbag?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo squeal and giggle.
Chilli: Sounds fascinating.
Bluey: Daaad.  Can you please play with us now?
Bandit: Nope.
Bluey: Aw, but I wanna play Keepy Uppy.
Bingo: I'll play with you.
Chilli: Yeah, Bingo will play with you.  You love playing with your big sister, don't you Bingo?
Bingo: Yeah! It's my favourite thing in the whole world!  And all the sky, including inside of the aeroplanes.  And if all of the grains of sand were scattered on all of the stars, that's how much I love it. (giggles)
Chilli: What do you reckon, Bluey?  Why don't you sister this thing out?
Bluey: Well... It's just more fun when Dad plays too.  Ooh! I've got it!
Bingo: What is it?
Bluey: Bingo, let's steal Dad's phone! Then, he'll have to play with us!
Bingo: Hee-hee! Okay!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo sidle around, trying to act innocent.
Bluey and Bingo: Doo doo doo, doo doo doo.
Bluey: Sooo... Dad...
Bandit: What?
Bluey: If you're not using your phone... then you won't mind if I...
Scene: 'Bluey reaches behind the book and snatches Bandit's phone.
Bluey: Grab it!  Quick Bingo, hide Dad's phone!
Bandit: Noooooo...
Scene: Bluey throws Bandit's phone to Bingo.  The stage lights darken as the phone flies across the stage in slow motion.
Bingo: Iiiveee gooot iiit!
Scene: Bingo catches the phone and stars to run out of the room.  Bandit gets up to chase.
Bluey: Nooow, Muuum!
Chilli: Iii'm cooomiiing!
Bandit: Noooooo...
Bluey and Chilli: Aaaaaaaaah!
Scene: Chilli and Bingo tackle Bandit back into the beanbag chair, as Bingo makes her escape.  The stage lights come back up and time returns to normal speed.
Bandit: Oof!
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Bandit: Get off!
Chilli: We're just making sure it doesn't disturb you.
Bluey: (sarcastically) Yeah, we wouldn't want it to stop you reading your booook.
Scene: Chilli laughs.  Bandit groans and struggles.
Chilli: This beanbag is comfy, isn't it, Bluey?
Bluey: Oh, yes! Hee hee!
Bandit: Okay, fine.  I don't want to read my book.  I want to read about lawn grubs on my phone.
Bluey and Chilli: Hah! We knew it!
Scene: Bluey and Chilli laugh.
Bandit: Argh! Get off!  (groaning) Heeeeee... yeah!
Scene: Bandit manages to throw them off.
Bluey and Chilli: Oof!
Scene: Bluey and Chilli laugh.  Bingo comes back in, humming innocently.
Bingo: Hm-hmm, hm-hm-hmm.
Bandit: Where's my phone, Bingo?
Bingo: I hided it.  (giggles)
Bandit: Ugh.  Man...
Scene: Bluey and Chilli laugh.
Bluey and Chilli: Good one, Bingo!
Scene: Bluey Now I guess you'll just have to play with us.
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: (chanting) Play with us! Play with us!
Scene: Bandit gets up.
Bluey and Bingo: Play with us! Play with us!
Bandit: Where is it?! Come here, you!
Scene: Bandit chases Bingo out of the room to stage right.
Bluey: Look, Mum! Dad's playing with us!
Chilli: Good sister power, kid!
Scene: Bandit chases Bingo back into the play room from stage right.
Bandit: Tell me where it is!
Bingo: You'll never get me! Hah-hahahaha!
Scene: They exit stage left.  Bluey and Chilli laugh.
Chilli: Get it, Bingo! Stick it to the man!
Bluey: Yeah! (laughs)
Chilli: Hey, Bluey?
Bluey: Yes.
Chilli: You have to let your sister copy you sometimes, okay?
Bluey: Why?
Chilli: She just wants to be like you, sweetheart.
Bluey: But I don't want her to copy me.  I want her to be different.  I don't want anyone being the same as me.
Chilli: I hear you.  But you still have to let her do it, though.  Okay?
Bluey: Okay, Mum.  Why?
Chilli: Because that's how she learns to be a big kid.
Bluey: By copying me?
Chilli: Yeah.  Little sisters look up to their big sisters.  That's why she copies you.
Bluey: Oh, okay.
Chilli: So try and be a sister worth copying.
Bluey: Okay, I will.  I'll be the best big sister I can be.
Chilli: That's my girl.
Scene: Bandit enters from stage left.  He is holding Bingo by the foot, shaking her up and down.
Bandit: Talk! I said talk!
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bingo: Okay, okay, I'll tell you.
Bluey: No! Don't tell him, Bingo, he'll stop playing.
Bandit: I haven't started playing.  Grrr!  Is it in your pockets?
Scene: Bandit shakes her side-to side.
Bingo: (laughing) I don't have any pockets!
Bandit: Ah, forget this!
Scene: He tosses Bingo onto the beanbag chair.
Bandit: (to Chilli) Can you ring my phone?
Bluey: No, Mum, don't do it!
Chilli: Well, I'm really not sure I can help you, Big Guy.
Bingo: Look, I'll give you fifty dollarbucks.
Chilli: Ooh, keep talking.
Bandit: Uh, and I'll... pack the lunches for a week!
Chilli: Oh, sorry kids.  That's a good deal.  I have to take it.
Scene: Chilli gets her phone out.
Bluey and Bingoo: Noo!
Bluey: I'll stop her, Bingo!
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey runs up to Chilli, who holds her at arm's length as Bluey flails her arms.  Chilli laughs.
Bluey: Aw, Mum!
Chilli: Get!
Scene: She pushes Bluey back.  Bluey gives up.
Chilli: Ah-ha! Okay, it's ringing.
Bandit: I can't hear it.
Chilli: Didn't you put it on silent?
Bandit: Ugh.
Scene: Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli laugh.
Bandit: (shushing) Shh! Shh.
Scene: The sound of a vibrating phone can be heard.
Bandit: I can hear it vibrating!
Bluey: Oh, no!
Bandit: It's coming from upstairs!
Bluey and Bingo: Nooo!
Bandit: Yeah!  I'm coming, Phony!
Scene: Bandit exits stage left.
Chilli: Hey, where's my fifty dollarbucks?
Bluey: (to Bingo) If Dad finds his phone, he'll stop playing with us.
Scene: Bingo gasps.
Bluey: We can't let that happen, okay?
Bingo: Okay!
Bluey: Alright, let's go! Sister power!
Bingo: Sister power!
Scene: Bingo exits stage left.  Bluey points at Chilli.
Bluey: Ohhh, we're not finished with you, Mother dear.
Chilli: Oh, Bluey.
Scene: They exit stage left.
Scene: The scene changes to Bluey and Bingo's bedroom.  Bandit enters from stage left (the staging suggests he's in the hall outside).  His phone can be heard vibrating.
Bandit: Where is that coming from?  Under the sink?  Nah.
Scene: He paces back and forth.  Bluey's pillow begins to shake.
Bandit: Oh, it's close.  It's so close.  I can feel it.  Where is it?
Scene: Bandit exits stage left.  Blueys pillow lights up as it shakes.
Bandit: (offstage) Is it in the toilet?  Aw, kids, you gotta flush!
Scene: The sound of a toilet flushing plays.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo enter their bedroom from stage left.
Bingo: I hid Dad's phone under your pillow.
Bluey: He's gonna hear it!  What are we gonna do?
Bingo: Uh... think, Bingo! Think!
Bandit: (offstage) Hmm... Maybe it's down here.
Bingo: My little brain can't think of anything.
Bandit: (offstage) Oh, close.
Bluey: You can do it, Bingo! Keep trying.
Scene: Bingo gasps.
Bingo: I know!  We have to be really noisy.
Bluey: Yeah!  So he doesn't hear the phone!
Bingo: But how will we be noisy?
Bluey: Just copy me!
Scene: 'Bingo gasps and wags her tail.
Bingo: Really?  Can I? You sure?
Bluey: Yeah, I'm sure.
Scene: Bingo squeals in delight.
Scene: Bandit enters from stage left.
Bandit: Ah-ha!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo gasp, then giggle.
Scene: Bandit enters the bedroom.  Bluey and Bingo stand on either side of Bluey's bed.
Bandit: I can hear it loud and clear, as it's very quiet in this room, currently.
Scene: Bluey giggles as Bandit examines Bingo's bed.
Bluey: One-and two-and
Bluey and Bingo: ♫ TEN GREEN BOTTLES, SITTING ON A WALL ♫
Bandit: Ah! Keep it down!
Bluey and Bingo: ♫ TEN GREEN BOTTLES, SITTING ON A WALL ♫
Bandit: I can't hear anything!
Bluey and Bingo: ♫ AND IF ONE GREEN BOTTLE SHOULD ACCIDENT'LY FALL ♫
Bandit: Stop, kids! Be quiet!
Bluey: Louder, Bingo!
Bluey and Bingo: ♫ THERE'LL BE NINE GREEN BOTTLES, SITTING ON THE WALL ♫
Bandit: Hey! Shh, shhh.  You hear that?
Scene: Bluey pulls out a pot and wooden spoon.
Bingo: C'mon everyone!
Bluey: We need more noise!
Scene: Bluey bangs on the pot, as Bingo stomps around and the audience joins in.
Bluey, Bingo, and Audience: ♫ NINE GREEN BOTTLES, SITTING ON A WALL ♫
Bandit: Ah, kids! C'mon!  It's so loud.
Bluey, Bingo, and Audience: ♫ AND IF ONE GREEN BOTTLE SHOULD ACCIDENT'LY FALL ♫
Scene: Bingo gasps.
Bingo: Bluey, look!
Scene: Bingo pulls Chattermax out from under her bed.
Bluey: Chattermax!
Scene: Chattermax's theme begins to play as it dances around.  Bandit swats at it, without much luck.  Bingo starts jumping on her bed.
Scene: Chattermax starts jumping on Bandit's head, and he tries to knock it off with a pillow.  He finally knocks it under Bluey's bed, and it shuts up.  Bandit gesture's at Bingo.
Bandit: C'mere, you little <sauna?>.  Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Scene: Bandit holds his arms out for quiet.  His phone vibrates once more, then stops.
Bandit: Gah, it stopped ringing!
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Bandit: CHILLI!  CAN YOU RING MY PHONE AGAIN?
Chilli: (singsong) It'll cost you another week of lunches!
Bandit: Aw, man!  Ripped off! Forget you!  Hm... I reckon it's under that pillow.
Scene: Bandit points to Bluey's pillow.
Bandit: I might just take a look.
Scene: Bluey Aaah!  Quick, Remote Control Bingo!
Scene: Bluey grabs a Long Dog off her bed and uses it like a joystick.  She tests the controls, and Bingo skids around, making a reeee noise.
Bandit: Oh, no!
Bingo: Okay!  Go!
Scene: Bluey rams Bingo into Bandit.
Bandit: Oooh! Ow!  (laughs)
Scene: She rams him again.
Bandit: Ow!
Scene: She rams him again.
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: He dodges the next attempt.
Bandit: Get away, Remote Control Bingo!
Scene: Bingo backs up and gets between him and the bed.
Bandit: Gotta get to my phone.
Scene: She zooms back and forth, blocking him, then rams him from the side.
Bandit: Oof!
Scene: She rams him again.
Bandit: Ugh!
Scene: He dodges the next ram attempt, and runs across the room.
Bandit: Aah, ha ha!  Whoo! Hahahha!
Scene: Bingo rams him in the bum.
Bandit: Ow!
Scene: Bandit puts his hand on her head, and holds her at arm's length.
Bandit: Get out of there!
Scene: He pushes her back.  He dodges the next ram attempt, then jumps up to the upper level of the stage, where the beds are.
Bandit: Whoa! Haha! Can't get me up here!  Now, to check under that pillow.
Scene: Bingo attempts to follow him, but keeps bouncing off the step.
Bluey: He's gonna get the phone!
Scene: Bandit holds up the phone.
Bandit: Got it!  Ha ha ha!  Why play with kids when you can play with phones?
Scene: Bandit dances mockingly.
Bluey: Bingo, get the Magic Xylophone!
Scene: Bandit holds his phone up triumphantly.
Bandit: I have the POWER!  Mu ha ha-ha ha! Mu ha ha-ha ha!
Scene: Bingo pulls the Magic Xylophone out from under her bed.  Bandit continues to dance mockingly.
Bluey: Bingo, do a ding!
Scene: Bingo dings the xylophone.  Bandit freezes.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray, Magic Xylophone!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo dress Bandit in a tutu, reindeer antlers, a feather boa, and Janet's granny glasses.  They've replaced his phone with Chattermax.
Scene: When they're finished, Bluey and Bingo back off and laugh, as Bandit grunts and twitches as he tries to move.
Bluey: Okay, Bingo, let's unfreeze him.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: She dings the xylophone.
Bandit: Huh? What?  Hey, what's going on?  Oh, yeah! Kids never beat grown-ups!  Ha ha ha!
Scene: He resumes dancing.
Bluey: Oh, well, we tried.  Didn't we, Bingo?
Bluey: Yes, we tried.
Scene: Bluey giggles.  Bandit strokes his chin.
Bandit: I'm just a bit too smart for you, I'm afraid.
Bluey: Oh, yes, you're so smart.  Why don't you call Mum and tell her how smart you are?
Bingo: Bluey, can I say that too?
Bluey: Yeah, go for it, Bingo.
Bingo: Why don't you call Mum and tell her how smart you are?
Scene: Bandit Well, maybe I will.  Hey Phony, call Mum.
Phony: Okay.  Calling Mum.
Scene: Bluey pulls Bandit's phone out from behind her back.
Bluey: Oh, what's this?
Scene: Bluey answers the phone.
Bluey: Hello?
Bandit: Huh? That's my phone!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: Then what am I holding?
Scene: He looks at Chattermax, who activates and starts dancing and playing music.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo dance as Bandit swats at Chattermax.
Bandit: Grrr!
Bluey: Bingo!
Scene: Bluey runs out of the room with the phone, followed by Bingo.  They exit stage left.
Bandit: C'mere, you little rats.
Scene: Chattermax continues bouncing around the room as Bandit runs after them.  He attempts to exit stage left, then runs back in, with a beach ball bouncing after him.
Bandit: (high pitched) Ahhh! Get away, get away! Don't! Ahh!
Scene: Bingo re-enters from stage left to giggle, then exits again.
Scene: He exits stage right, pursued by a beach ball.
Scene: Chattermax continues dancing for a few more seconds, then his music starts to skip, he stutters, and drops into a basket.
Scene: As the scene changes to the back yard, the flock of rainbow lorikeets flies around again.
Scene: Two pairs of garden gnomes enter and have brief conversations before sitting down.
Gnomes: (gibberish)
Scene: The gnomes go still.
Scene: 'Chilli enters from stage left with a load of laundry and sets it down.  One more gnome takes its seat in the background.  Bluey and Bingo enter from stage left, behind Chilli.
Bingo: Hey, Mum.
Chilli: What's going on?
Bingo: Bluey and I still have Dad's phone, and, she's letting me copy her!  (giggles)
Chilli: Hey, nice one! You've got a good big sister, haven't you?
Bingo: Yeah, she's the best!
Scene: Bingo hops up on the bench under the poinciana tree and looks at Bandit's phone.
Chilli: (to Bluey) Well done, sweetheart.  Thanks for being a good big sister.
Bluey: Oh, it's great.  Bingo just does everything I tell her to.  Watch. Bingo!
Bingo: Yes!
Bluey: Hide the phone in the back yard.
Bingo: Okay! (giggles)
Scene: Bingo jumps down and runs off.
Bluey: See? I'm her boss.
Chilli: Okay, well, that's not why you should be a good big sister.
Bluey: Oh! Well, then why?
Chilli: Let me explain.  When you're a little sister, having a big sister is like having your very own giant.  They can pick you up—
Scene: Chilli lift Bluey one-handed.
Chilli: —and you can see for miles.
Bluey: Oooooh.
Chilli: You feel like a giant, too.
Bluey: I love it!
Chilli: Feels good, doesn't it?
Bluey: Yeahhh.
Scene: Chilli sets Bluey down.
Chilli: Now you know how to do that, so use it wisely.  That's a big part of being a good sister.
Bluey: How do you know so much about sisters?
Chilli: 'Cause I'm a sister.
Bluey: Really?  Who's your sister?
Chilli: Auntie Brandy.
Bluey: Auntie Brandy!? I don't know Auntie Brandy! Have I met Auntie Brandy?
Chilli: Yeah, a long time ago.
Bluey: Well, I don't remember her.
Chilli: Well, we don't see her very often.
Bluey: Why not?
Chilli: It's complicated, sweetheart.  Sometimes sisters start arguing and... just forget to stop.
Bluey: Oh...
Chilli: Look.  You have to know — Bingo won't want to copy you forever, okay?
Scene: Bingo enters from stage right.  She hides Bandit's phone under a bucket.
Bluey: Yes, she will.  I'm the best big sister in the world!
Bingo: Hey, Bluey!  I hid the phone under the bucket!
Bluey: Good one, Bingo!  You are definitely the best phone hider in the whole world.
Bingo: Plus all of the sky?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Including inside all of the aeroplanes?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Wow! Thanks, Bluey!
Bandit: (offstage) Where are you, you little monkeys?
Bluey: He's coming!
Bingo: Ahh!
Chili: Good luck!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo jump up on the bench.  Bandit enters from screen right.
Bandit: There you are! Where's my phone?
Bluey: Bingo! Pretend we can't hear Dad!
Bingo: Okay!
Bandit: Kiiids.
Bluey: Ohhh.  Do you hear something, Bingo?
Bingo: No, Bluey. I don't hear anything.
Bandit: I said, give me my phone.
Bluey: Hm.  Still don't hear anything.
Bingo: Mm.  Must be the wind.
Bandit: Ugh.  Forget you.  I'll find it myself.
Scene: Bandit looks around for a moment.
Bandit: Aw, man.  It could be anywhere.  Aww... How could this day get any worse?
Pat: (offstage) Heads!
Scene: A rugby ball sails in from stage right and hits Bandit in the head.  He falls down.  Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: Aw, man! What was that?
Scene: Pat jumps in from stage right.
Pat: I'll get it, Lucky!
Lucky: (offstage)  Okaaay.
Pat: Hey, kids! How ya goin'?
Bluey and Bingo: Hey Lucky's Dad!
Pat: What're you doin' on the ground, Bandit?
Bandit: You hit me with your ball.
Pat: Well, I called heads.
Scene: 'Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: Just help me up, ya big Labrador.
Pat: Hup!
Scene: Pat helps Bandit up. Pat walks across the stage, examining the ground.
Pat: Aw, look at this lawn!  Bandit, you've got lawn grubs, mate.  You need to spray it, and you need to spray it tonight.  Didn't you read the article I sent?
Bandit: No, I didn't read the article you sent, because you send it to my phone, which the kids have hidden!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: Now stop saying things, and ring my phone.
Bluey: Don't do it, Lucky's Dad!  Don't ring it!
Pat: Why do you want me to ring your phone?
Bandit: I told you, the kids have hidden it.
Bluey: 'Cause we want Dad to play with us!
Pat: Aw, look.  Just leave me out of this, okay?  Every time I come over here, I get mixed up in some sort of shenanigans!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo waggle their eyebrows at each other, planning some sort of shenanigans.
Bandit: Look, it's two against one right now.  I need some backup.  Now stop moaning, and start phoning, or it's gonna be a lawn grub party for the whole street.
Pat: Oh, all right.  Sorry, kids.
Scene: Pat gets out his phone.
Bluey and Bingo: No!
Pat: Man, I've gotta stop kickin' my ball over here.
Bingo: Oh no!
Bluey: C'mon, Bingo, I've got a plan!
Bingo: Okay!
Pat: Call Bandit Heeler.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo sneak off, stage left.
Phoney: Calling Bandit Heeler.
Pat: Okay, there you go.  It's ringing.
Scene: Bandit's phone begins to buzz.  The bucket shakes.
Bandit: (whispering) Shh.  It's on silent.  You've gotta listen for the vibrate.
Pat: Why's it on silent?
Bandit: Why aren't you on silent?
Scene: They listen for a moment.
Bandit: (whispering) Ah, it's coming from over here.
Pat: I can hear it.
Scene: They both start slowly walking in the general direction of the bucket.
Bandit: (whispering) Help me look, come on.
Pat: It's coming from over this way.  Is it behind the tree?
Scene: Bandit looks behind the tree.
Bandit: Um... no.
Bandit: Where is it?  (to audience) Does anyone know where it is?
Pat: Pause.
Bandit: Stop complaining.
Pat: Look, you can't blame me for not wanting to get involved.
Bandit: Aw, you big sook.  We're just looking for a phone.  What's the worst that can happen?
Scene: The Grannies theme starts to play.
Bluey: (offscreen) Here come the grannies!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo zoom in from stage left in their granny costumes, driving the pedal car.  They run over some gnomes, then knock Pat up in the air. He does a full flip and lands on his feet.
Pat: Whoaaa!
Scene: Bandit dodges.  They come back around and hit him too - he also does a full flip, but lands on his bum.
Pat: I didn't sign up for this!
Scene: The grannies come around for another pass, and knock both of them down.
Bandit: Yaaaah! Run!
Scene: Bandit and Pat get up and run off, exiting stage left.
Bluey: (old lady voice) Lovely day for a drive, wouldn't you say, Rita?
Bingo: (old lady voice) Sure is, Janet.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo exit stage left.
Scene: Bandit and Pat enter from stage left, behind the poinciana tree.  They run towards stage right.
Pat: Why is it, every time I come over here, I get mixed up in some sort of trouble?!
Bandit: You should try living with us!
Scene: They both run off, exiting stage right.
Scene: Bingo and Bluey drive across the backdrop, knocking over hedges, flowers, and another garden gnome.
Bluey: (old lady voice) Can you see where you're going, Rita?
Bingo: (old lady voice) Not really, no.
Scene: The remaining two gnomes quake in fear, and kiss each other good-bye.
Scene: Bandit and Pat run in from stage right, panting.
Bandit: I think we lost 'em.
Pat: Oh no, not again!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo drive in from stage right, running over the last two gnomes, and then ramming into Bandit and Pat, knocking both of them over.
Bandit: Ow!
Scene: They back up, running into Bandit, and then pull forward, hitting Pat.
Pat: Ow!
Scene: They get up and limp towards the bench as Bluey and Bingo drive off.
Bandit: Oh, man.  I've got a stitch.
Scene: They stand on the bench.  Bluey and Bingo drive back in.
Bluey: (old lady voice) It's busy, isn't it, Rita?
Bingo: (old lady voice) Yes, Janet.
Bandit: Jump, Pat, jump!
Scene: Pat and Bandit jump off the bench just as Bluey and Bingo ram it.  Pat clutches his leg.
Pat: Ah! I've done me hammy!
Scene: Pat hops backwards, holding his leg.
Pat: That's it, Heeler, you're on your own!
Scene: He exits, stage right.  The grannies pop a wheelie and drive off, exiting stage left.
Bandit: Okay, just don't stop ringing.
Bluey and Bingo: (offscreen) Aaaaah!
Scene: A loud impact is heard.
Bluey and Bingo: (offscreen) Oof!
Pat: (offscreen) And spray your lawn!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo enter from stage left, still dressed as grannies, but on foot.
Bluey: (old lady voice) Good parking spot, Rita.
Bingo: (old lady voice) Thanks, Janet.
Scene: Bandit sneaks up behind them.
Bluey: (old lady voice) I hope the sausages are on special.
Bingo: (old lady voice) I love sausages.
Bandit: Gotcha!
Scene: Bandit yanks the granny costumes off. Bluey and Bingo squeal.
Bandit: Okay.  Enough messing around.  Time to fire up the Bingo Detector.
Bluey: Oh no!
Scene: Bandit picks up Bingo and holds her sideways.
Bandit: (activating the Bingo Detector) Brrrp! Badoot-doo!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bluey: Put her down!
Scene: Bandit I'll just set the dial to detect phones...
Scene: Bandit fiddles with Bingo's tail.  Bingo giggles.
Bingo: Boop...  Boop...
Bandit: Okay, there we go!
Scene: Bandit carries her across the stage. She continues booping.
Bluey: No, Bingo! Don't find the phone!  Dad will stop playing!
Bingo: I can't help it!  I am a Bingo Detector!
Scene: Bandit waves her around a bit, getting closer.
Bingo: Boop.  Boop.  Boopity Boopity Boop!
Bandit: Okay, here we go!
Scene: As they approach the bucket, Bingo boops faster.
Bingo: Boopboopboopboopboop!
Scene: Bandit tosses her down.
Bingo: Aaah!
Bluey: No!
Scene: Bandit kicks over the bucket.  He picks up his phone
Bandit: Yeah-hah!  Woo hoo hoo!  Woo hoo, yeah!
Scene: Bingo giggles and jumps around excitedly.
Bandit: Woo woo woo!  To the beanbag!
Scene: Bandit marches off, exiting stage right.
Bingo: What should we play now, Bluey?
Bluey: (grumpy) Nothing.
Bingo: What's wrong?
Bluey: Why did you show Dad where his phone was?
Bingo: I couldn't help it, I was a Bingo Detector.
Bluey: Now he's going to lie on the beanbag, and read about lawn grubs, and not play with us.
Bingo: I didn't do it on purpose, Bluey.
Bluey: You did.
Bingo: I didn't, I promise I didn't!.
Bluey: Hmph.  You can't copy me anymore.
Scene: Bingo gasps.  Bluey walks off.
Bingo: Bluey!  Come back!
Scene: Bluey exits stage left.  Bingo stops and looks down.
Bingo: I'm sorry.
Scene: Bingo sadly sits down on the bench.  One of the leaves on the tree is revealed to be the walking leaf, as it separates from the tree and flies about.  It lands on the bench.
Bingo: Oh, hello walking leaf.
Scene: It walks towards her.  She reaches out, and it leaps backwards.  It approaches again, and she reaches out - this time it takes flight and lands in her hand.
Bingo: Will you listen to me if I tell you something?
Scene: The walking leaf takes flight again, and lands on her nose.
Bingo: I'm not a very good little sister.
Scene: The walking leaf climbs to the top of her head, takes flight, and exits stage left.  Bingo waves goodbye.
Bingo: Goodbye, walking leaf.
Scene: The lights go down.  Bandit sits on a beanbag in the foreground, as the backdrops are changed behind him to the play room.
Bandit: A-ahhh... This beanbag has the perfect bean count.  That's very rare to find.
Scene: He looks at his phone.
Bandit: The life cycle of the lawn grub—  oh, no, skip that bit.  Natural predators of the lawn— no, I don't care about...
Scene: Bluey walks in.
Bandit: Common enemies of the lawn grub— what? How d'you get rid of lawn grubs?
Bluey: Dad?
Bandit: Hello Daughter.
Scene: Bandit continues looking at his phone as he talks.
Bluey: Please can you play with me?
Bandit: Oh, look, kid.  I've played with you all morning.  I just need some time to myself, okay?
Bluey: But I don't understand why.
Bandit: Well, I told you, my battery's a bit flat.
Bluey: How long does it take to get full?
Bandit: Oh, well, you never really know.  Depends how flat it was, I guess.
Bluey: Okay.  Will you play with me again when it's full?
Bandit: Yeah, 'course.  But in the meantime, why don't you go play with Bingo?
Bluey: (grumpily)  Hmph.  No.
Scene: Bandit looks up and watches her leave.
Bandit: Uh... Ah, she'll be right.
Scene: Bandit goes back to his phone.
Bandit: Wow.  They can eat your whole lawn.
Bingo: Dad?
Bandit: Yes, Shorter Daughter?
Scene: Bandit continues looking at his phone as he talks.
Bingo: Bluey said I can't copy her anymore.
Bandit: Ah, well that's no good.
Bingo: (sadly) Nooo.  Can I copy you instead?
Bandit: Yeah, yeah.  Go for it.
Bingo: Oh, okay!
Scene: Bingo sits down on the floor, and pantomimes looking at a phone.
Scene: She checks on Bandit - no change.  She goes back to looking at her phone.
Scene: She stands back up.
Bingo: Is this all you're going to do?
Bandit: You gotta spray three times?!
Bingo: Ughhhh.
Scene: Bingo walks away.  Bandit puts his phone down.
Bandit: Hey, Bingo, where ya goin'? I thought you were copying me.
Bingo: It's a bit boring, copying you.
Bandit: Ah. (chuckles) Okay.
Bingo: I'd rather copy Bluey.  But she's upset with me.
Bandit: Hey, Bingo.
Bingo: Yeah?
Bandit: Hut!
Scene: Bandit jumps out of the beanbag.
Bandit: Ha!
Scene: He puts his arms up.  Bingo copies him.
'Bingo: Ha!
Scene: He puts his left leg up
Bandit: Ha!
Scene: Bingo copies him.
Bingo: Ha!
Scene: Bandit puts his right arm up and left arm down, then switches, then puts both arms up.
Bandit: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: Bingo copies him.
Bingo: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: Bandit shakes his arms around and then puts them on his hips.
Bandit: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: Bingo copies him.
Bingo: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: Bandit puts his right arm up and wags his tail.
Bandit: Wag your tail!
Scene: Bingo mirrors him.
Bingo: Wag your tail!
Scene: Bandit points at her accusingly.
Bandit: Are you still copying me?
Scene: She points at Bandit.
Bingo: Are you still copying me?
Bandit: Stop still copying me!
Bingo: Stop still copying me!
Scene: Bandit puts his left leg up
Bandit: Ha!
Scene: Bingo copies him.
Bingo: Ha!
Scene: Bandit puts his right arm up and left arm down, then switches, then puts both arms up.
Bandit: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: Bingo copies him.
Bingo: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: Bandit shakes his arms around and then puts them on his hips.
Bandit: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: Bingo copies him.
Bingo: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: Bandit puts his right arm up and wags his tail.
Bandit: Wag your tail!
Scene: Bingo mirrors him.
Bingo: Wag your tail!  (to Audience) And, c'mon everyone!  Copy Dad!
Bandit: C'mon everyone! Copy Dad!
Scene: Bandit and Bingo wave their arms around, now in sync.
Bandit and Bingo: OoOooOooO!
Scene: They put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their left arm and left leg up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their right arm up and left arm down, then switch, then put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Bandit: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: They shake their arms around and then put them on their hips.
Bandit and Bingo: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: They stick their bums out and wag their tails.
Bandit and Bingo: Wag your tail!
Scene: They put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their left arm and left leg up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their right arm up and left arm down, then switch, then put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Bandit: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: They shake their arms around and then put them on their hips.
Bandit and Bingo: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: They stick their bums out and wag their tails.
Bandit: C'mon!
Bandit and Bingo: Wag your tail!
Scene: They put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their left arm and left leg up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their right arm up and left arm down, then switch, then put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Bandit: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: They shake their arms around and then put them on their hips.
Bandit and Bingo: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: They stick their bums out and wag their tails.
Bandit: Take it down to funky town!
Scene: They put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their left arm and left leg up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha!
Scene: They put their right arm up and left arm down, then switch, then put both arms up.
Bandit and Bingo: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Bandit: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scene: They shake their arms around and then put them on their hips.
Bandit and Bingo: Bloolooloolooloo!
Scene: They stick their bums out and wag their tails.
Bandit and Bingo: Wag your tail!
Scene: Bandit starts laughing.  Soon, Bingo starts laughing too.  Bandit ruffles her hair.
Bandit: Ah, well done, Bingo.  Feeling better?
Bingo: Yeah, a little.  Thanks, Dad.
Bandit: No worries.
Scene: Bingo exits stage left. Bandit sits back down in the beanbag chair.
Scene: Bandit (groaning) A-aah.  Yes.  Beanbag.
Scene: Bandit leans back and gets out his phone.
Scene: The scene changes to Bluey and Bingo's bedroom.  Bluey is sitting on her bed, Chilli is sitting on the floor.  There may be some dialog missing.
Bluey: Not saying sorry to Bingo.
Chilli: Okay.
Bluey: She made Dad stop playing.  Pluuuus...
Scene: Bluey gets up.
Bluey: I was being a sister worth copying!  I really was.
Chilli: I know you were, but you still upset her.
Bluey: I'm the one that should be upset!  She should say sorry to me!
Chilli: I know.  But look, you remember how, for little sisters...
Scene: Bluey sits down next to Chilli.  Shadow puppets of Bluey and Bingo appear in the leadlight.  Shadow Bluey lifts up shadow Bingo.  Bingo raises her arms in joy and wags her tail.
Chilli: ...when your big sister is on your side, you feel as tall as a giant?  Well, when your big sister is upset with you...
Scene: The shadow puppet of Bluey turns and leaves.  Bingo falls to the bottom of the window.
Scene: Bluey howls.
Chilli: ... it can make you feel as small as a mouse.
Scene: The shadow puppet of Bingo is replaced with a shadow puppet mouse.
Chilli: Squeak, squeak.
Scene: The shadow puppet mouse paces back and forth in the leadlight.
Chilli: Like you can't do anything.  Squeak, squeak.
Bluey: That doesn't feel as good as being a giant.
Chilli: No, it doesn't.
Scene: The shadow puppet mouse walks out the frame of the window and exits.
Bluey: It's hard, having a little sister.
Chilli: Yeah, one day they're copying everything you do, and the next they don't listen to a word you say.  But there's good bits about sisters too.
Bluey: Like what?
Chilli: Well, who comes into your bed at night, when you get lonely?
Bluey: Bingo does.
Scene: Chilli That's right.
Bluey: Ooh, yeah, that's a good bit.  Mum?
Chilli: Yeah?
Bluey: Did I make Bingo feel as small as a mouse?
Chilli: A little.
Bluey: I didn't mean to.
Chilli: I know.  She'll be fine, Bluey.
Bluey: But what if she won't? What if she doesn't talk to me forever again?
Chilli: She'll talk to you forever again.
Bluey: But you and Auntie Brandy don't talk forever again.
Scene: Chilli looks away and sighs.
Chilli: Your Aunty Brandy and I will talk forever again.
Bluey: But when?
Chilli: I dunno.  Someday.
Bluey: Did she make you feel as small as a mouse?
Scene: Chilli looks away again.
Chilli: (sadly) A little.
Bluey: I'm sure she didn't mean to.
Scene: They put an arm behind each other's back in a half-hug.
Scene: Bingo enters, stopping in the doorway.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo.
Scene: Bluey walks towards her.
Bluey: Can I show you something?
Bingo: Okay.
Bluey: C'mere.
Scene: They meet at the foot of Bingo's bed.
Bluey: You ready?
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: Hup!
Scene: Bluey picks Bingo up.
Bingo: I'm as tall as a giant! (giggles)
Bluey: You're the best little sister in the whole world!
Bingo: Really?!
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Plus all the sky?
Bluey: Plus all the sky, including inside all of the aeroplanes.
Bingo: Oooooh!
Scene: Bingo hops down.
Bluey: Even the aeroplane toilets.
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Chilli: Oh, Bluey.
Scene: Bandit enters.
Bandit: Hey-Heyo.
Bluey and Bingo: Dad!
Chilli: Oh, sweetheart, you go read about grass on your phone.  I'm just about to put the kids to bed.  We're okay, aren't we, girls.
Bluey: Yeah, we're okay.
Bandit: Ah, okay.  Well, the thing is... my phone's flat.  So, y'know... (hopefully) we could play one more game before bedtime?
Bluey and Bingo: Hurray!
Bluey: Copy me, Bingo! (chanting) Battery's flat!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bluey and Bingo: (chanting) Battery's flat!  Battery's flat!
Bandit: What should we play?
Chilli: Well... I've got something, (addressing audience) but I have to turn all the lights off for it to work properly.  Is that cool with everyone?
Bandit, Bingo, and Bluey: Yeah, that's cool.
Scene: Chilli exits to stage right.
Bandit: (whispering) Kids, come here.
Scene: Bandit turns off the lights.  A disco ball creates spots of light suggesting the glow-in-the-dark stars.
Bandit: (whispering) What's it gonna be?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle. Chilli enters with a lit-up red balloon.
Chilli: Glow-in-the-dark Keepy Uppy anyone?
Bandit: Yeaaah!
Scene: Chilli tosses the balloon up in the air.
Chilli: Ready?
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Chilli: Okay, go!
Scene: As the balloon falls back down, she swats it across the stage.
Bingo: Get it, Bluey!
Bluey: Mine!  I got it! Bwut!
Scene: She hits the balloon back to Chilli.
Bluey: Get it, Mum!
Chilli': Bwut!
Scene: Chilli hits the balloon back across the stage.
Chilli: Get it, Dad!
Bingo: Get it, Dad!
Bandit: Aye mate, I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it!  Doot!
Scene: He hits the balloon with his head. Bingo giggles.
Chilli: Get it, Bluey!
Bingo: Get it, Bluey!
Bandit: Bluey that’s yours, it’s yours!
Bluey: Bwut!
Scene: Bluey also hits it with her head.
Bingo: It's you, Dad!
Bandit: Hup!
Scene: Bandit swats it directly at Bingo.  It bounces off her nose, back at Bandit.
Bingo: Bwut!
Bandit: Bloop!
Scene: Bandit hits it into the air.
Chilli: It's yours, Bluey!
Bluey: Boop!
Scene: Bluey kicks it back into the air.
Bluey: Ah, Bingo, quick!
Bingo: I got it, Bluey!
Scene: Bingo bounces it back up with her head.  The balloon drifts downstage.
Chilli: Go go go go!
Scene: They all move closer to the audience.
Bandit: Get it!
Chilli: I got it!
Scene: Chilli takes center stage, getting under the balloon and hitting it back up with her head.
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Bingo: It’s going dad, get it dad!
Bandit: I got it!  Doot!
Scene: Bandit hits it with his bum.
Bluey: Mum! Bwut!
Scene: Bluey hits the balloon into the air.
Bluey: Mum, Mum, that's yours!
Scene: Chilli gets under it and hits it with her head.
Scene: Bluey Good one, Mum.
Bandit: Bingo, it's yours, get it!
Bingo: Bwut!
Scene: She hits it into the air.
Bandit: I'll get it, I'll get it!  I got it, I got it, I got it!
Scene: The balloon comes to rest, balanced on Bandit's head.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bandit: Doot!
Scene: Bandit jumps, launching the balloon back into the air.
Bingo: Get it, Mum!
Chilli: Oh!
Scene: Chilli hits it up.
Bluey: Get it, Dad!
Scene: Bandit catches the balloon under his arm.
Bandit: Okay, kids.  Bedtime.
Bluey: (whispering) Bingo, copy me.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo jump on their beds a few times. Bingo giggles.  They lay down in bed and pull up the covers.
Bandit: Well done, Mum.
Chilli: Well done, Dad.
Scene: They turn to leave.
Bandit: (whispering) Ohhh, I left my phone in there.
Chilli: (whispering) I'll get it.
Scene: Chilli sneaks back into the bedroom and picks up Bandit's phone.  It dings and the screen turns on.  Chilli gasps.
Bluey: Boop!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo both sit up, eyes closed.  Bluey has Long Dog set up like a joystick, and she pilots Remote Control Bingo across the room, to her bed.
Bingo: Rrrr! Vrrrrvrrrvrm! Reeer!
Scene: Bingo hops in, and they snuggle.
Bingo: Vmmmm.
Scene: Chilli sneaks out, joining Bandit in the hall.
Chilli: (amused) I thought you said the battery was flat.
Bandit: Oh, um, must've been a little left in the tank?
Scene: They lean close for a moment.
Chilli: Actually, do you mind if I borrow it for a second?
Bandit: Sure thing, babe.  I got a date with some lawn grubs.
Scene: Bandit exits, stage left.  The lights go down, with only a dim spotlight on Chilli remaining.  She dials the phone.  It rings twice.
Brandy: Hello?
Chilli: Hey, Brandy.  It's your little sister.
Scene: The lights go down.
Scene: The stage lights come back up.  An arrangement of the main theme plays.  Chilli enters from stage left.
Scene: Chilli Woo hoo!
Scene: Bandit enters from stage left.
Bandit: Hey! Yeah!
Scene: Bingo runs in from rear stage left.
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey runs in from rear stage right.  Chilli laughs.  Bluey jumps in front of the audience.
Bluey: Woo!
Bandit: Good work, Bluey!
Scene: Four of the puppeteers release the puppets and take a bow, while the other four take over operating the puppets.  They trade places with their partner puppeteers, who also bow.  They gesture to the audience, and clap as well.  They return to operating the puppets.
Scene: Bluey giggles.  They start to dance along to the music.  Pat enters from rear stage right.
Bandit, Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Lucky's Dad!
Scene: Pat waves and takes a bow, then exits stage right.
Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo: Mum!
Scene: Chilli takes a bow and then waves with both hands.
Scene: The music adds an electric guitar riff for a moment, and Bandit plays air guitar.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Dad!
Scene: Bandit takes a bow, then waves.
Bandit, Bluey, and Chilli: Bingo!
Scene: Bingo takes a bow.
Bandit, Bingo, and Chilli: Bluey!
Scene: Bluey jumps up and waves with both hands.  When she lands, all four puppets take bows and wave to the audience.
Chilli: (to audience) Who wants to play...
Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo: Keepy Uppy!
Scene: The Keepy Uppy theme begins to play.  Stage hands emerge, hurling large, soft rubber balls into the audience. The Heelers yell encouragement to the audience.
Bluey: Yeah!
Chilli: Go on everyone!
Chilli: Yeah!
Bluey: Get it!
Bandit: Look at that kid with the flash hair! He's goin' for it!
Bingo: I just love baloons!
Chilli: Yup, keep it up! Up in the air!
Bandit: Go get 'em!
Bluey: Hooray!
Chilli: Good work!
Bandit: Good one everyone!
Bluey: Yeah!
Bandit: Good shot!
Bluey: Oh, good one!
Bandit: Whoooa! That was brilliant!
Bandit: Ohhh! Good shot, that kid's mum!
Bluey: Oh it's you! Get it get it!
Chilli: Throw it! Yeah!
Bandit: You got a good shot!
Bluey: Good one everyone!
Chilli: Who wants to play Bubbly Uppy?!
Scene: Bubble machines begin to spew bubbles from the stage.  The music changes to Busker's tune from Markets
Bandit: Whoo!
Scene: Bingo pretends to strum a guitar.
Bandit: Whoo whoo whoo!  Ya hoo hoo!
Chilli: Woo Hoo!
Bluey: Yeah!
Bandit: Whoa!
Scene: They being to wave goodbye.
Bluey: Bye, everyone!
Bandit: Goodbye, everyone.  Stay safe!
Bingo: Goodbye!
Chilli: Seeya later, alligators!
Bluey: Thanks for coming!
Bandit: Seeya later, dudes. You're all awesome!
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Bandit and Chilli exit.
Bingo: Goodbye, everybody.
Bluey: Bye, everyone!
Bingo: Thank you!  I love you!
Bluey: You've been great!
Bingo: Lots of fun
Chilli: (offscreen) C'mon, Bluey and Bingo.  Time to go.
Bluey: Bye!
Bingo: Bye!
Scene: Bingo exits, stage right.  Bluey sticks around for a few more seconds, waving goodbye.
Scene: Bluey exits stage left, then pokes her head out to wave again, before finally exiting.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode begins with Bandit reading the kids a story on Bingo's bed.
Bandit: So Hansen and Gretel returned home and lived happily ever after. Closes the book, finishing the story. Wow, that was a wild ride.
Bluey: Unknown sound Yup.
Bingo: Are fairy tales true or not true?
Bandit: Well, what do you mean by true?
Bingo: I mean, did it happen for real life?
Bandit: Well, no.
Bingo: Phew!
Bandit: But it got true things in them.
Bingo: Like what?
Bandit: Like, y'know, it's not good to be greedy ‘n' stuff, and if you’re brave and honest, things will work out!
Bingo: Oh, yeah.
Bandit: Hey, you want to hear a fairy tale that is true?
Bluey and Bingo: Yes please!
Bandit: Laying down, while Bluey and Bingo get together to hear it. It's about a mean brother who ends up good, and it got a curse in it, and even a princess!
Bingo: Wooww..
Bluey: And it happened in real life?
Bandit: Yeah, you know how I know?
Bluey and Bingo: How?
Bandit: Cause it happened to me!
Bluey and Bingo: Oooh!
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Fairytale.
Scene: It cuts to a flashback of the 80s around what looks like those beachhouses.
Bandit: This story set a long long time ago, in a place called, the 80s.
Scene: 10 year old Bandit can be seen riding a bike, then zooming out to see his brothers, Radley and Stripe.
Bandit: That's me when I was 10 years old, on holiday with Uncle Rad and Uncle Stripe.
Scene: Cutting back to the present day, oh boy this is gonna get repetitive.
Bluey: Hang on, where's your helmet?
Bandit: This was the 80's, man, there were no helmets! It was a wild place.
Scene: Cutting back to flashback
Bandit: Trampoline with no nets, your mum wrote your name on everything, BMX seats were high, music were on cassettes, and skids were big.
Scene: It cuts to Bandit skidding, then Radley.
Flashback Bandit: Woah, good skid, Rad!
Scene: Stripe tries to skid, but what comes out is a screeching sound.
Flashback Bandit: You can't skid, Stripe!
Flashback Stripe: Yes I can!
Flashback Bandit: No you can't! And mum wants you!
Flashback Stripe: Huh?
Flashback Bandit: Make you look, ya dirty chook! Haha! SUFFER!
Scene: Cutting back to the present day.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo gasp.
Bluey: You’re teasing Stripe!
Bandit: Afraid so.
Bingo: But that's mean!
Bandit: I told you, this fairy tale is about a mean brother, me!
Scene: The kids gasp, again.
Bandit: But don't worry, I was about to learn my lesson.
Scene: Cutting back to the flashback, where they paused on before continuing.
Flashback Radley: Bandit, stop teasing Stripe!
Flashback Bandit: Make me! Hey Stripe, your wheels aren't turning!
Flashback Stripe: Riding the bike Huh? Aaaahhh! Falling off his bike offscreen.
Flashback Bandit: Haha! Make you look you dirty—
Flashback Bandit & Radley: Chook!
Flashback Radley: Jinx!
Scene: It stops like a VHS tape before cutting back into the present
Bluey: Huh?
Bingo: What's Jinx?
Bandit: Okay, in the 80's, if 2 people say the exact same word in the exact same time like:
Scene: Cutting back to the flashback, with a reverse effect to when they both said truck, then a slow-mo with Bandit and Rad saying jinx before cutting back to the present day.
Bandit: One of you will yell out “jinx”.
Scene: Cutting to the flashback again, with Radley saying jinx.
Bandit: Meaning you had 10 seconds to touch them.
Scene: They both drop their bikes and Flashback Bandit starts to chase Flashback Radley.
Scene: Intense pursuit chase
Flashback Radley: 1! 2! 3! 4! 5! 6!
Scene: Flashback Radley tips over a bucket with a crab in it, which Flashback Bandit avoids a crab that got tipped.
Flashback Radley: 7! 8! 9! 10!
Bandit, speaking over Flashback Radley counting: If you didn't touch him in that 10 seconds, they'd say—
Flashback Radley: Skint!
Scene: Cutting back to present day
Bandit: And then, they can never speak again.
Scene: The kids gasp.
Bingo: What? So you can't speak forever and ever?
Bandit: Nope, you were cursed.
Bluey: Wow.
Scene: Cutting back to the flashback, with Flashback Bandit and Flashback Stripe playing an arcade game looking to as teamed Street Fighter.
Bandit: The only thing that could break the curse was if that someone says your name.
Flashback Stripe: Do you want me to say your name?
Scene: Flashback Bandit nods
Flashback Stripe: Ok, Band.....diddums! Ha!
Scene: Cutting back to present day.
Bluey: Can't you just say your own name?
Bandit: Nope, not allowed to speak.
Bluey: What happens if you do speak?
Bandit: Oh, well, look, I shouldn't tell you, but Inaudible whispering
Scene: If you actually curious, the loser basically owes the winner a drink, mainly a coke.
Bluey & Bingo: What?
Bingo: That's terrible!
Bandit: I told you, the 80's was a wild place.
Scene: Cutting back to the flashback, with Nana going to order something while her kids play.
Bandit: Anyway, being cursed is not a lot of fun when you're on holiday.
Flashback Nana: Kids, you want your fish battered or crumbed?
Flashback Radley: Battered.
Flashback Stripe: Battered!
Flashback Nana: How about you? Come on, speak up!
Flashback Radley: He wants crumbed.
Flashback Nana: Ok.
Flashback Stripe: Yeah, he loves crumbed. Don’t you, Ban... DISHWASHER! Ha!
Scene: Cutting to a outdoor lunch table in the flashback
Bandit: Ugh, I hated crumbed.
Scene: Cutting to the house thing their renting for holiday in the flashback
Flashback Nana: WHO ATE ALL THE MINI CEREALS?
Flashback Radley & Stripe: He did! They point at Flashback Bandit
Flashback Nana: All right you, get over here! She takes off her thongs on her feet and starts chasing Bandit, while Bandit starts running.
Scene: Flashback Radley and Stripe giggle as Flashback Bandit is getting chased.
Scene: Cutting back to the present day.
Bluey: Geez, Nana was a bit mean.
Bandit: Yeah, it was the 80s. Mums were allowed to be mean.
Scene: Cutting to the flashback with Flashback Radley and Stripe just poking around in the estuary while Flashback Bob was harvesting clams there.
Bandit: Dads weren't help either.
Flashback Stripe: Let's see who can shout the loudest!
Flashback Radley: Ok.
Scene: Both of them shout as loud as they can.
Flashback Bob: Kids, keep it down!
Scene: Bandit walks in and taps Bob.
Flashback Bob: What do you want, Stripe, dah.. Rad, dah.. Gerald, agh whatever your name is!
Scene: Bandit taps himself, showing that he wants him to say his name.
Flashback Bob: What are you on about? Looking at Flashback Stripe & Rad What's on he about?
Flashback Stripe: Rad jinxed him! He can't talk until someone says his name!
Flashback Bob: All right, so you want me to say your name so you can talk again. Well, you’re dreamin’, mate!  Y'know what I call this? I call this a good start. How do I say jinx so none of you can talk?
Flashback Radley & Stripe: Dad..
Flashback Bob: Is it like this? (He waves his hands around) OooOooh..
Scene: Cutting to the bay where Flashback Stripe & Radley were throwing rocks? Looks like the sunset there, also Flashback Bandit was sitting there while his mum approached him.
Bandit: I was never going to talk again. No one was going to say my name.
Flashback Nana: I'm not going to say your name. Sits down next to Bandit I think this will do you some good, for all holiday, you've been mean to your little brother.
Scene: Exhibit Alpha
Scene: Flashback Stripe is trying to Tic Tac on a skateboard, while Flashback Bandit is watching.
Flashback Bandit: You can't tic tac, Stripe!
Scene: Exhibit Beta
Scene: Flashback Bandit and Radley playing on an arcade machine, from the perspective on the arcade game screen, with Flashback Stripe in the middle wanting to play.
Flashback Stripe: It's my turn now!
Flashback Bandit: No it isn't! Shoving Stripe out of the way, without any arms.
Scene: Exhibit Gamma
Scene: Flashback Stripe just fell off his bike on the ground currently, while Flashback Bandit skids to him.
Flashback Bandit: Haha, nice stack!
Scene: Cutting back to the beach.
Flashback Nana: This is a chance for you to have a good think about it.
Bandit: Nana was right, not about a perm but about me, I haven't been a really good brother to Stripe. I deserved to be cursed.
Scene: Cutting to present day
Bingo: So, when did the curse get broken?
Bandit: The very next morning actually.
Scene: Cutting to flashbacks, with Flashback Bandit with a toothbrush and a hat going to the shower block.
Bandit: I was on my way to the shower block to clean my teeth.
Scene: Cut back to present day
Bluey: All by yourself?!
Bingo: It was the 80s!
Scene: Cutting back to flashback, with Bandit walking and noticing Stripe on prickly grass.
Flashback Stripe: Mum! Ow!
Bandit: Stripe was taking a shortcut to the toilets, and got stuck in the prickles!
Flashback Stripe: Help!
Scene: Cutting back to present day
Bluey: She gasped So you can tell him you won't help him, unless he says your name!
Bingo: Oh yeah!
Bandit: You were right, I could've done that.
Scene: Cutting back to flashback, Flashback Stripe looks at Flashback Bandit.
Bluey: So did you?
Bandit: Nah, I just helped him.
Scene: Flashback Bandit throws his hat for Flashback Stripe to jump on, then on the sidewalk.
Flashback Stripe: Thanks, Ban.. dina! Haha!
Bluey and Bingo: What?!
Scene: Cutting back to present day
Bluey: You helped him and even then he didn't say your name?!
Bandit: Heh, that's brothers, kid.
Scene: Cutting back to flashback
Bandit: To tell you the truth, I was proud of him.
Scene: Flashback Bandit mouth turns into a grin.
Scene: Cutting back to present day
Bingo: So what broke the curse?
Bandit: Well, remember I said that this fairy tale has a princess?
Scene: Cutting back to flashback
Flashback Chilli: Bandit.. Heeler, is this your hat?
Scene: Flashback Bandit looks behind him, seeing Chilli in what looks to be a She-Ra costume
Bluey: Is that, mum?
Scene: Cutting back to present day
Bandit: That's mum.
Bluey and Bingo: What?!
Chilli: Don't listen to him, it wasn't me. Standing in the doorway.
Bandit: Don't listen to her, it was!
Chilli: Approaches the 3. Well look, it might've been. We used to go on holiday on that Caravan Park.
Bandit: Case closed.
Chilli: But, I've got no memory of that happening.
Bandit: Oh, it's like a dagger in my heart.
Bingo: How did she know your name?
Scene: Cutting to flashback, with Flashback Bandit's hat with it's name on it.
Bandit: It was written on my hat.
Bingo: Wow.
Scene: Cutting back to present day
Chilli: Either way, it's a good story.
Bluey: But, is it true, or not true? I need to know!
Bandit: Well, I guess you have to decide. Do you believe in fairy tales?
Scene: Cutting to the full moon, then to Bandit and Chilli putting the kids to bed, before they both approach and hold both hands together. Then cutting to the flashback, with Flashback Chilli approaching Flashback Bandit with his hat.
Flashback Chilli: Here you go. She gives the hat to Flashback Bandit
Flashback Bandit: Thanks.
Flashback Chilli: See you later. Proceeding to run away back.
Flashback Bandit: Yea, see you later.
Scene: The end credits play out, with Flashback Bandit's hat being thrown in the credits on the left side.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: She giggles.  Bluey holds a pin impression toy up to Bandit.  Muffin continues roaring and growling in the background.
Bluey: Dad, can I have one of these?
Scene: She presses her muzzle into it, making an impression of her nose and mouth.
Bandit: Only if you pay for it yourself.
Bluey: But I haven't got any money.
Bandit: Well, then you can't have it.
Bluey: But I want it.
Bandit: Well, that's commonly called bad luck.
Bluey: Aw, that's not fair.
Bandit: It's pretty fair.
Scene: A plastic 'clack' rings out.  Muffin screams.  Bandit and Stripe jolt upright.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Muffin and Bingo.  Bingo watches over the top of her book (the space book from Sleepytime) as Muffin flails around with the plastic dinosaur's jaws clamped shut on her ear.
Muffin: Get it off, get it, get it off!
Scene: Stripe rushes over to help Muffin.
Stripe: Whoa!
Scene: Cut to an establishing shot of the Brisbane river.  The Victoria Bridge spans the river in the background, and the downtown skyline rises behind it.  In the foreground, a bin chicken preens on top of a trash can.  It squawks.
Scene: Cut to the Clem Jones Promenade.  Bingo and Bluey walk along the riverside with Bandit.  Stripe and Muffin walk behind them.  Muffin looks a bit worn out, and has a green bandage on her ear.  Ahead of them is an ice cream cart.
Bingo: Ice cream!
Scene: Bingo and Bluey run up to the ice cream stand.
Ice Cream Lady: Hi, kids.
Bluey, Bingo: Dad, let's get ice cream!
Bandit: Keep walking.
Bluey: Aw, can't we have an ice cream?
Scene: Bandit passes the ice cream stand and keeps walking.
Bandit: Nope, no one's having ice cream.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo follow him.
Bluey: Why not?
Bandit: 'Cause you had one yesterday, kid. It's too much sugar.
Scene: Bingo falls to her knees and wails.  She curls up on the ground in the fetal position.
Bluey: Oh, no fair.
Bandit: It's fairly fair.
Bluey: Well, why does Muffin get an ice cream?
Bandit: Muffin's not getting an ice cream.
Scene: Muffin runs into frame with a waffle cone of rainbow sherbet.  Stripe follow behind her.
Muffin: I got an ice cream!
Scene: Muffin licks her ice cream cone happily.  Bluey puts her hands on her hips, indignant.
Bluey: See?
Bandit: (to Stripe) Ugh.  Thanks, mate.
Scene: Bingo sits up.
Stripe: Look kids, Muffin gets an ice cream cause she got a dinosaur stuck on her head.
Scene: Muffin stops licking for a moment.
Muffin: It was a velociwaptow.
Bluey: Aw, no fair!
Scene: Muffin points right in Bluey's face.
Muffin: (angrily) It's totally fair!
Scene: She resumes licking.
Bandit: Maybe Muffin will give you a lick of hers?
Stripe: Yeah, that's not gonna happen, mate.
Bluey: Can I have a lick, please, Muffin?
Scene: Muffin holds her cone away from Bluey and growls.  Bluey recoils.  She points at Muffin's ice cream.
Bluey: Daaad!
Scene: Bandit sighs. Muffin resumes licking.
Bandit: Okay, okay. You can have an ice cream.
Scene: Bingo jumps to her feet.  Bluey and Bingo raise their arms in celebration.
Bluey, Bingo: Yay, ice cream!
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Ice Cream.
Scene: Back at the ice cream cart, Bluey and Bingo peer over the edge of the cart to see what flavours are available.  Bandit watches, unenthusiastically.  Muffin and Stripe sit on a nearby bench; Muffin licking her ice cream, now with melted ice cream on her face, arms, and chest.  Stripe picks at something on his shoulder.
Bluey: Look, they got mango!
Bingo: This is the happiest day ever of my life!
Scene: Stripe flicks something off his shoulder.
Stripe: Oh! Our ferry's here, Muffin.
Scene: Stripe and Muffin stand.  They wave goodbye.
Stripe: See you later, girls!
Muffin: Bye, Bluey! Bye, Bingo!
Bandit: Hey, kids, Uncle Stripe and Muffin are saying goodbye.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo don't look up from the ice cream.  Bluey waves half-heartedly. A CityCat ferry passes along the river behind them.
Bluey: Oh, bye, Muffin, bye, Uncle Strawberry.
Scene: Bandit rolls his eyes.
Bandit: See ya, mate.
Stripe: Now, you have to finish that before we get on the ferry, Muffy.
Muffin: Aump!
Scene: Muffin shoves the entire cone in her mouth as they walk away.
Bandit: Right, do you know what you want?
Bingo: Yes, I'd like mango, please.
Bandit: Okay, one mango please.
Bingo: An extra big size!
Bandit: Extra small size, thanks.
Scene: Bandit gets out his wallet, as the ice cream lady gets out a waffle cone and begins to scoop ice cream.
Bingo: Aw, no fair.
Bandit: Highly fair. Bluey, what about you?
Bluey: I can't decide. I want either mango like Bingo, or strawberry. Can I have two flavors?
Bandit: No.
Bluey: Oh, no fair!
Bandit: Very fair.
Scene: The ice cream lady passes Bingo her finished ice cream cone.  She immediately starts licking it.
Bluey: Okay, I'll get strawberry, please, in a cone. I can always have a lick of Bingo's!
Scene: Bingo stops licking, and silently stares at Bluey.
Ice Cream Lady: Six dollars, please.
Scene: She hands Bluey the finished ice cream cone.
Bluey: Thank you!
Scene: The ice cream lady gets out a portable credit cart terminal and types in the amount.
Bluey: What flavor are you getting, Dad?
Bandit: I'm not getting one. Gotta stay in shape.
Scene: He holds out a credit card.  The ice cream lady holds out the terminal.  A waiting animation displays on the screen.
Ice Cream Lady: It's just coming up.
Scene: A moment passes.  Bingo and Bluey lick their ice creams.
Ice Cream Lady: It's taking a while.
Scene: Another moment passes.  Bandit watches the kids eat their ice creams.  A pained expression crosses his face.  Another moment passes.  Bandit stares into the distance.  The graphic on the terminal changes, indicating it now has a network connection.
Ice Cream Lady: Ready!
Scene: Bandit pulls back his card.
Bandit: Oh, go on, give us a double chocolate in a cup, extra large.
Bluey, Bingo: Hurray!
Bandit: I've got a problem.
Scene: Later, Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo sit on an bench in the shade, enjoying their ice cream.  Bluey and Bingo lick noisily, while Bandit eats with a wooden spoon.
Bandit: Everyone happy?
Bluey, Bingo: Yep!
Bandit: Good.
Bluey: Is yours nice, Dad?
Bandit: Yeah, it's chocolate.
Bluey: Bingo, can I can have a lick of your mango?
Bandit: Here we go.
Bingo: Okay, but only if I can have a lick of yours.
Bluey: Sure!
Scene: Bingo holds out her ice cream, and Bluey goes to take a lick.  Bingo jerks it away.
Bingo: Ah, not a big lick!
Bluey: I wasn't gonna take a big lick.
Bingo: You were!
Bingo: Your tongue was all the way out.
Bluey: No, it wasn't.
Bingo: It was! It was like this: Blaaahh!
Scene: She sticks her tongue out, shaking it from side to side.
Bluey: No, it was only out this far: blah!
Scene: Bluey sticks out her tongue as well.
Bingo: (talking with her tongue out) No, it was out this far.
Bluey: (talking with her tongue out) It wasn't! It was out this far.
Scene: Bingo puts her tongue away.  She picks up Bluey's tongue between thumb and forefinger and pushes it back into her mouth a little.
Bingo: It has to be out this far.
Bluey: (talking with her tongue out) Okay.
Scene: Bingo holds out her ice cream, and Bluey goes to take a lick.
Bingo: Okay, that's okay.
Scene: Bluey stops.
Bluey: Hang on, if I lick first and you lick second, you could just take a bigger lick than me!
Bandit: Ugh, Bluey.
Bingo: No, I won't.
Scene: Bluey holds her ice cream away from Bingo, protectively.
Bluey: You will! You lick first, I'll lick second.
Scene: Bluey holds out her ice cream to Bingo.
Bingo: But then you'll just take a bigger lick.
Bluey: I won't, I promise.
Bingo: You will.
Bandit: Okay, kids. Come on. Sort it out.
Bluey: We can't both lick second. What are we gonna do?
Scene: Bingo thinks for a moment.
Bingo: I know, let's lick at the same time!
Bluey: Oh, yeah, good idea, Bingo!
Bluey: Okay, you ready?
Bingo: Yes.
Scene: Tchaikovsky's Waltz of the Flowers begins to play.
Bluey: So, we both take the same size lick, okay?
Bingo: Okay. Show me how big your tongue is out.
Bluey: Blah!
Scene: She sticks out her tongue.
Bingo: Okay, that's okay.
Bluey: (with her tongue out) Show me yours.
Bingo: Blah.
Scene: She sticks out her tongue.
Bingo: (with her tongue out) Is mine okay?
Bluey: (with her tongue out) Yeah.
Bingo: (with her tongue out) Oh, that's good.
Scene: They both hold out their ice creams.  They each lean forward, but then Bluey pulls her ice cream back.
Bluey: No, your tongue's out too far!
Scene: Bingo gets up off the bench, trying to follow the ice cream.  Bluey, in turn, follows her.
Bingo: No, but, but
Bluey: Bingo, not that much.
Scene: The kids spin in a circle, each trying to lick the other's ice cream while pulling their own cone away.
Bingo: Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Bandit: Kids, what are you doing?
Bingo: That's too much.
Scene: As they spin, Bluey and Bingo start to drift down the promenade.
Bluey: Tongue back in, tongue back in.
Bingo: Not too big.
Scene: Bandit gets up to follow them, still munching on his own ice cream.
Bingo: No, back, back.
Bluey: Oh, not too much.
Scene: Tchaikovsky's Waltz of the Flowers continues, as the girls spin wordlessly through South Bank.  They climb a staircase, still spinning.
Scene: They spin down a boardwalk at Streets Beach, an artificial beach on the waterfront.  Sunbathers lie on the sand, and kids play in the water behind them.
Scene: They spin through Aquativity, a kids' water play area.  They narrowly avoid a series of fountains as they spin.  Some kids look on in confusion.
Scene: Cut to an establishing shot of the Queensland Performing Arts Centre and the Wheel of Brisbane, a large ferris wheel.  The sun is blindingly bright.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo spin through the Grand Arbour, a long path shaded by a bouganvillea arbour.  They now leave a trail of melted ice cream in their wake.  Behind them, Winton and Cornelius stare at a living statue street performer using a levitation rig to appear to float.
Scene: They spin through an outdoor dining area.  The trash cans are full, and unfinished food sits on the tables.  A trio of bin chickens peck at the leftovers.  Bandit shoos them away.
Bandit: Arghh, get out of it!
Scene: They spin past a flowerbed planted with ornamental lettuce.
Scene: They return to the Clem Jones Promenade as the last of their ice cream melts.
Bluey: Aah! My ice cream! It's melted!
Bingo: Mine too!
Scene: They both scream.
Bingo: They're both melted!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo frantically lick the remains of their ice cream off their fingers.  A moment later, they run up to Bandit, sitting on a bench, still eating his chocolate ice cream.  Bluey holds out her empty cone.
Bluey: Dad, our ice creams melted.
Bandit: It's a hot day, kid. You had 'em out in the sun. The sun melts ice creams.
Bluey: But that's not fair!
Bandit: It's about as fair as it gets, actually.
Bingo: Can you buy us another one?
Bandit: Zero chance.
Scene: Bingo wails and falls to the ground, curling into the fetal position.
Bluey: Aw, why not?
Bandit: 'Cause it's not my fault they melted. You took too long to eat 'em.
Bluey: So we get... nothing?
Bandit: Well, you get a valuable life lesson.
Bluey: I don't want a valuable lime lesson. I just want an ice cream.
Scene: Bluey sits down on the ground.  Bingo howls sadly. Bandit looks sadly at his kids, and then at his ice cream.
Bandit: All right. I tell you what, you kids can have mine.
Scene: The kids jump to their feet, tails wagging.
Bluey, Bingo: Really?
Scene: He holds out his ice cream.
Bandit: Yeah, go on.
Bingo, Bluey: Yeah! thanks, Dad!
Scene: They giggle as they both hold the bowl of ice cream.  They both grab the wooden spoon.
Bluey: Huh?
Scene: Bandit watches to see what they'll do.  Bluey lets go of the spoon and pushes the bowl towards Bingo.
Bluey: Let's take turns.
Scene: She lets go of the bowl.
Bluey: You go first. Have as much as you want.
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey.
Scene: Bingo eats a spoonful.
Bluey: Is it good?
Bingo: Mm, yeah! Your turn.
Scene: Bingo hands Bluey the bowl.
Bingo: I only took a little bit.
Bluey: Thanks, Bingo.
Bandit: Well done, girls.
Scene: Bluey eats a spoonful.
Bluey: Mm, it's even better than mango.
Bandit: Yeah, it's chocolate!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Scene: Cut to another shot of the Queensland Performing Arts Centre and the Brisbane Wheel.  This time, a cloud floats in the sky.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the bench.  Bluey and Bingo sit on either side of Bandit.  Bluey eats a spoonful of ice cream.
Bluey: I'm sorry you don't get an ice cream, Dad.
Scene: Bandit ruffles Bluey's hair.
Bandit: It's all good, kid. I'm fine.
Bingo: Well, it's actually your job to give us your ice cream.
Scene: Bluey passes the ice cream to Bingo.
Bandit: Oh, is it now? And why is that?
Bingo: 'Cause you're the big daddy man.
Scene: Bandit laughs.  He puts his arms over their shoulders, as they look out over the river and the Brisbane skyline.
Bandit: Fair enough.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The last notes of the episode theme die out, and the score is silent for a moment.  Then the peppy version of the episode theme plays until the credits end.  Bluey dances as the credits roll.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the side yard of the Heelers' house.  It's nighttime.  In the center of the screen are two wheelie bins, one with a red lid, and one with a yellow lid.  Bluey and Bingo run in from screen left, followed by Bandit.  Bluey is wearing a karate gi with a white belt.  Bingo carries a box of cardboard trash, and Bandit is carrying a bin bag.  Their breath forms fog clouds in the air.
Bluey and Bingo: Hi, bins.
Scene: Bandit flaps the lid of the red bin, making a puppet.  He speaks for it in a deep, gravelly voice.
Red Bin: Hey, those dogs are back. Ooh, they got food. Gimme. Gimme.
Scene: Bandit puts the garbage in the red bin.
Red Bin: Ahh.  Om nom nom nom. Green curry. Oh, that's good.  Om nom nom nomf.  Burnt rice.  Oh, that's not so good.  Oh wait— are these— yeah—
Scene: Bandit shakes the bin back and forth as it chews excitedly.
Red Bin: SPRING ROLLS!  Om nom nom nom nom.  Yah om nom nom.
Scene: Bandit steps over to the yellow bin, which he gives a gentle, higher-pitched voice.
Yellow Bin: Hey man, what about me?
Bingo: Just cardboard tonight, yellow bin.
Scene: Bingo dumps the box of cardboard into the yellow bin.
Yellow Bin: That's cool, man. I love cardboard.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: The scene changes to another view of the side yard.  Bluey walks in, followed by Bandit.  Bandit is pulling both bins behind him; Bingo is hanging from the handles of the red bin.  Bluey takes big breaths, purposely making fog clouds.
Bandit: Hey, how was kindy, Bingo?
Bingo: Good. There's a new kid. His name's Banjo.
Bandit: Oh, way to go. What's he like?
Scene: Bingo frowns for a moment.
Bingo: I don't know.
Scene: The scene cuts to a wider view of the cul-de-sac.  The moon is out; it is a waxing quarter moon.  The Heelers' neighbour Doreen is putting out her bins.  She's wearing curlers.  The Heelers enter from screen left, and Bandit starts positioning the bins.
Bandit: Hi, Doreen.
Scene: Doreen waves.
Doreen: Hiii.  Ooh, your bin's full. Mr. Crow will be coming tomorrow.
Scene: Bluey throws a few punches, showing off her karate moves.
Scene: Bluey Yeah, Mr. Crow!
Red Bin: 'Night, girls.
Bluey and Bingo: 'Night, bins.
Scene: Doreen climbs the steps to her porch.  Bluey and Bingo climb on Bandit's back for a piggyback ride.  Bluey waves to the moon.
Bluey: 'Night, Moon.
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Bin Night.
Scene: The scene changes to a close up of the bins.  It is now morning, and a crow has perched on the red bin.  It's too full for the lid to close all the way, and he pecks at the bin bag through the opening.
Scene: The camera pulls back a bit.  With a loud, tuneless whistle, Bluey jumps into frame playing a recorder.  Mr. Crow is startled and flies away.
Bluey: (laughs)
Scene: The camera angle changes, we can now see the front porch behind Bluey.  Chilli and Bingo are sitting on the porch.  Chilli is drinking a cup of tea; Bingo is finishing a piece of toast with jam.
Chilli: Good one, Bluey!
Bingo: (laughs)
Scene: The shot changes to a close shot of Chilli and Bingo.
Chilli: Hey, Bingo, why don't you try and play with Banjo today?
Bingo: Why?
Chilli: Well, it can be hard being the new kid. He might like having someone to play with.
Bingo: Okay, Mama.
Scene: Bluey runs in from down screen and hops up to sit on the bottom step.  She points off screen.
Bluey: Bin man's here.
Scene: The scene changes to show the cul-de-sac from over the Heelers' heads.  A garbage truck stops in front of their bins, and the truck's robotic arm picks up the red bin and dumps it into the truck.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Whoa.
Chilli: There it goes.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Hooray! Thanks, bin man!
Scene: The Heelers wave to the garbage truck.  The driver honks the horn twice in acknowledgement.
Scene: The shot changes back to show the Heelers.
Chilli: Come on.  Let's get to school.
Scene: They stand up and walk up the steps to enter the house.
Bluey: Can I be a bin lady when I grow up?
Chilli: If you like.
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: Chilli closes the front door behind the kids.
Scene: The scene fades to night, and the bins vanish from the curb.
Scene: The camera moves, showing the moon - which is now waxing.  Bluey skips in from camera left, followed by Bandit pulling the red bin.  Bingo hangs from the handle.  Bluey waves to the moon.
Bluey: Hi, Moon.
Scene: Bluey practices a few karate forms.  Bingo exhales hard.
Bingo: Frosty breath.
Scene: Bandit reaches the curb, and Bingo drops down.  Bandit puppets the red bin again.
Red Bin: Yellow Biiin, where are youuu?
Bluey: It's not Yellow Bin's turn, Red Bin.
Red Bin: Oh, I miss you, yellow bin.
Bingo: It's okay, red bin.  (to Bluey) I think they're sisters.
Bandit: Hey, how was kindy, Bingo?
Bingo: Good. Wait. No. Bad.
Scene: Bluey starts practicing her karate forms again.
Bandit: Aw, why bad?
Bingo: Banjo called me a bobohead.
Bandit: What's a bobohead?
Bingo: I don't know.
Bandit: Did he call anyone else a bobohead?
Bingo: Yeah, he called everyone a bobohead.
Scene: Bandit crouches down, and the girls climb on for another piggyback ride.
Bandit: Oh, okay. Well, still, not nice, Banjo.
Scene: The camera angle changes, showing Doreen in the background behind the Heelers.  She's not wearing curlers this time.
Doreen: Ooh, bin's full this week, girls.
Bluey: We had a barbie!
Doreen: Mr. Crow will definitely be coming tomorrow.
Bluey: I'll be ready!
Scene: The Heelers walk out of shot, leaving the red bin alone on the curb.  The shot transitions to morning, with Mr. Crow again pecking at the bin bag.  Bluey leaps into frame from screen left, playing her recorder.  Mr. Crow is startled and flies away.
Bluey: (laughs)
Scene: The scene cuts to Chilli and Bingo sitting on the front steps.  Chilli is drinking tea, Bingo is finishing a piece of peanut butter toast.
Bingo: Good one, Bluey.
Chilli: Hey, Bingo, if someone at kindy calls you a name, just tell Mrs. Retriever, okay?
Scene: Chilli puts her hand on Bingo's back reassuringly.
Bingo: Okay, mama.
Scene: Bluey enters and sits on the bottom step.
Bluey: Mum, can I be a scarecrow
Scene: when I grow up?
Chilli: If you like.
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: The shot changes to show the garbage truck over the Heeler's shoulders.  It's putting down the red bin.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Thanks, bin man!
Scene: The driver honks twice.
Scene: The shot changes back to the front steps.  Chilli stands up.
Chilli: Okay, team, let's get to school.
Scene: They exit the shot walking up the front steps.
Scene: The scene changes to the side yard at night.  Bluey walks in, wearing her karate gi.  Bandit follows, pulling both bins, with Bingo hanging from the red bin's handles.
Bandit: How was kindy, Bingo?
Bingo: Good and bad. Banjo called me a bobohead.
Scene: Bluey practices a few karate poses.
Bandit: Again? What did you do?
Bingo: I told Mrs. Retriever.
Bandit: And what did she say?
Scene: The scene changes to the curb.  The moon is now full.  Bingo drops to the ground.  Bandit starts setting up the bins.
Bingo: She said, Well, Bingo, are you a bobohead? And I said, No. And she said, Well, there you go. So I played in the sandpit with Felix.
Scene: Bandit puppets the red bin.
Red Bin: Nice work, Bingo.
Bluey: Oh, there's not much rubbish today.
Red Bin: Yeah. Why you no feed me prop'ly?
Scene: The scene cuts to Doreen's yard.  She's having trouble moving her red bin, which is overfilled.
Doreen: (grunts) Ugh.  Come here.  Agh.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the Heelers.
Bandit: (to Doreen) Oh, far out, Doreen.  (whispering) Kids, go and give her a hand.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Doreen's yard.  Bluey directs her with hand motions, while Bingo grabs the handle and helps Doreen pull.
Doreen: Thanks, girls. I had the ladies from Mahjong around.
Scene: Bluey strikes a karate stance.
Bluey: Don't worry. I'll keep your bin safe.
Scene: Bluey bows.  Finished moving the red bin, Bingo dusts her hands.  Doreen waves as the kids head back home.
Doreen: Thanks, Bluey.
Scene: The scene changes to a wide view of the cul-de-sac, showing both the Heelers' and Doreen's bins.  Mr. Crow has pecked a hole in Doreen's bin bag and trash is about to spill out.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close up of the Heeler's bins.  Bluey stealthily peeks out from behind the red bin, holding her recorder.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Doreen's bins.  Mr. Crow hops along the top of the bin and takes a few pecks at the bin bag.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey, who ducks back behind the bins, and then behind a lamppost.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Doreen's bins.  Mr. Crow pecks again, and a cabbage roll falls to the ground.  Bluey leaps into frame, blowing her recorder.  Mr. Crow is startled and flies away.
Bluey: (laughs)
Scene: The scene cuts back to Chilli and Bingo, eating breakfast on the porch.
Chilli: Well done, Bluey!
Scene: The scene cuts to a view of the moon.  It's waning gibbous.
Scene: The scene changes again to the curb at night.  Bluey, Bandit, and Bingo enter, towing the red bin, which is overflowing with yard waste.  Their breaths are no longer foggy.  Bluey practices a few karate moves.
Bandit: How was kindy, Bingo?
Bingo: Good. Banjo called me a bobohead.
Bandit: Oh, what did you do?
Scene: Bandit sets up the bin at the curb.
Bingo: I said, Banjo, I'm not a bobohead.
Bluey: What did Banjo do?
Bingo: He ran off and threw his hat in the bubbler, so I played in the sandpit.
Bluey: Ah, well done, Bingo.
Scene: Bandit puppets the red bin.
Red Bin: Hey, what's with all the salad?
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Bluey: Sorry, red bin.
Red Bin: Ah, that's okay.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo climb on Bandit's back for a piggyback ride.
Bluey: Dad, are there aliens on the moon?
Bandit: Yeah, maybe.
Bluey: Ooh.
Scene: The scene cuts to Chilli, Bingo, and Bluey on the front steps.  Chilli is drinking tea, Bingo is finishing her toast.  Bluey plays a few notes of the episode theme on her recorder.
Bluey: Mum, can I be a astronaut when I grow up?
Chilli: If you like.
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: The garbage truck can be heard from offscreen.  Bluey plays a few more notes on her recorder.  Bingo waves to the truck.
Bingo: Thanks, bin man!
Scene: The truck honks twice as it drives away.
Scene: The scene cuts to the moon, which is now a waning quarter moon.  The sky is overcast, and it's raining lightly.
Scene: The scene cuts to the curb.  Bingo enters, carrying a green umbrella.  Bluey walks beside her, followed by Bandit pulling both bins.
Bluey: Argh, it's too wet!
Scene: Bluey shelters her head with her hands and runs back towards the house.  Bandit puts the yellow bin by the curb, then puppets it.
Yellow Bin: Hi, Doreen's bin.
Scene: The scene changes to show Doreen in the background, over Bandit and Bingo's shoulders. Doreen is holding a red umbrella, and has her curlers in.  She puppets her own red bin, giving it a deep voice.
Doreen's Red Bin: Hi, Bluey and Bingo's Bin.
Scene: Bandit puts his red bin by the curb.  The scene cuts to a closer shot of Doreen.
Doreen's Red Bin: Oh, you look full.
Scene: The scene cuts to a side view, showing both parties.  Bingo is looking down, sadly.
Bandit's Red Bin: Yeah, these guys eat a lot.
Scene: The scene cuts to show just Bandit and Bingo.
Bandit: Hey, Bingo, are you okay?
Bingo: Banjo said my arms are too stubby to reach the monkey bars.
Bandit: Aw, man, this Banjo.
Bingo: He said they're too stubby for me to be four. He said I must still be two. But I'm not two, I'm four.
Scene: Bandit kneels down.
Bandit: And what did you say?
Bingo: I said I'm not stubby, and then Felix said, yes, I am.
Bandit: Aw, come here, mate.
Scene: They hug.  Then, they get up and start walking back towards the house.
Bandit: Thanks for telling me, kid.  It's good to get that stuff out, isn't it?
Scene: The scene cuts back to Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo on the front steps.  Chilli has her tea, Bluey is playing her recorder, and Bingo is just looking at her toast.
Mr. Crow: (offscreen) Caw!
Scene: Bluey jumps up and runs offscreen.
Chilli: Y'know, Bingo, when I was your age, I was a bit stubby.
Bingo: Really?
Chilli: Yeah.  We're heelers.  We're a bit stubby.
Scene: Chilli clenches her fist and makes a determined face.
Chilli: But we're tough.
Scene: The scene cuts to the bins.  Mr. Crow is pecking at the bin bag.  Bluey jumps into frame, blowing on her recorder.  Mr. Crow is startled, and jumps straight up.
Mr. Crow: Caw!
Scene: Instead of flying off, Mr. Crow lands on the bin again, then hops toward Bluey.
Mr. Crow: Caw! Caw!
Bluey: Aaah!
Scene: Bluey runs away.  Mr. Crow goes back to pecking at the bin bag.
Scene: The scene changes to a view of the moon.  It's a clear night, and the moon is a waning crescent.
Scene: The scene changes to the curb in front of the Heelers' house.  Bluey enters, wearing her karate gi.  She has a yellow belt this time.  Bandit follows, pulling both bins.  Bingo runs alongside him, cheerfully.  Bluey waves to the moon.  Bandit starts setting up the bins.
Bluey: Hi, Moon.
Bandit: How was kindy, Bingo?
Bingo: Good. I can hang on the monkey bars longer than anyone else.
Bandit: Oh, way to go. And how's Banjo?
Bingo: Good. And bad. He called Felix a bobohead.
Scene: Bandit leans on the yellow bin.
Bandit: Well, I hope Felix told Mrs. Retriever.
Bingo: No, he threw Banjo's hat in the bubbler.
Bandit: Oh.
Bingo: It made Banjo cry. So I played with him in the sandpit. We're friends now.
Scene: Bandit puppets the yellow bin.
Yellow Bin: Oh, good one, Bingo.
Bluey and Bingo: (laugh)
Scene: Bandit puppets the red bin.
Red Bin: Hey, Yellow Bin, are you sure you're meant to be here tonight?
Bandit: Oh, good question.
Scene: The scene changes to show Doreen, taking out both of her bins.  She's got her curlers in.
Bandit: Hey, Doreen, is it both bins tonight?
Doreen: Don't ask me. I just copy you.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the Heelers.
Bluey: No, it's only red bin tonight.
Bandit: Are you sure?
Bluey: Yeah.
Scene: Bluey points at the moon.  The shot pulls back to include Doreen again.  Everyone looks at the moon as she explains.
Bluey: It's only both bins when the moon is a big moon, or a half moon, or a no moon. And tonight's not any of them.
Scene: The shot changes to show just the moon.
Bluey: (offscreen) Look, it's a smiley moon.  That's my favourite.
Scene: The scene changes back to street level.
Bandit: Aw, you clever little dog.
Doreen: Ha! Bluey, I think you'll be a scientist when you grow up.
Bluey: (to Bandit)  Ooh, can I?
Bandit: If you like.
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo hop up on Bandit's back for a piggyback ride, as he wheels the yellow bin back to the side of the house.
Bluey: Maybe I can invent a robot that takes the bins out for you.
Bandit': Oh, I hope not.
Scene: They walk behind the house, leaving the red bin in the pool of light cast by the streetlamp.
Scene: [End credits]
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Theme Song]
Scene: The episode opens at the Glasshouse Primary School, where Rusty and Indy are playing “Mums and Dads” in an open wooden playhouse with a blanket roof. Indy is sleeping in the bed while Rusty is on his back under a shelf with a toolbox and a stick and stone representing a sink faucet on top, working under it with a wooden toy wrench. Their green-bonneted baby doll, Polly, is seated by the table.
Scene: Indy awakens with a yawn and fluffs her pillow as she gets up.
Indy: Morning, honey.
Rusty: Morning, sweetheart. I made you a cup of tea. (points to the teacup on the table)
Indy: Oh, thanks. I love a cup of tea in the morning. (sips from the teacup)
Rusty: I know you do.
Scene: Indy looks concerned as she stops drinking her tea.
Indy: Is the sink leaking again?
Rusty: (nods) Yeah, I’m showing Polly how to fix it.
Indy: (picks up the pink bowl on the table) I’ll give Polly her breakfast.
Scene: She takes the spoon out of the bowl and puts it up to Polly’s face before putting both spoon and bowl back to where they were and stroking Polly’s head. Rusty emerges from under the “sink” and stands back up.
Indy: What a good girl you are, Polly.
Scene: Both dust off their hands and start to walk out of the playhouse.
Indy and Rusty: Okay. I’m off to work now. Bye!
Scene: Both pause in their tracks, perking up with confused “huhs”. Indy turns to Rusty, frustrated.
Indy: What did you say?
Scene: Rusty turns to Indy, gesturing aside.
Rusty: I said, “I’m off to work.”
Indy: But, I’m off to work. (gestures aside)
Rusty: Mums don’t go to work.
Indy: (stomps her foot) Yes, they do.
Rusty: No, they stay at home and look after kids. (gestures towards Polly inside)
Indy: No, they don’t. Mums go to work, while dads stay home and mow the lawn.
Rusty: No, they don’t.
Indy: Yes, they do.
Rusty: No, they don’t.
Indy: Yes, they do!
Scene: Calypso enters from the left, briefly pushing down Rusty’s ears. She sets a hand on each kid’s back to try to calm them down.
Calypso: Indy, Rusty, this is not how mums and dads behave.
Rusty: Indy isn’t playing properly.
Indy: (points to Rusty) No, Rusty’s not playing properly.
Rusty: Am too!
Indy: (flicks hair) Are not!
Calypso: (puts her palms together) Okay, children, I think it might be good if you two played apart for a bit.
Scene: Calypso shoos Rusty off to the left.
Calypso: Rusty, why don’t you go and play Mums and Dads with Bluey, and, Indy, you play with Mackenzie in the sandpit.
Indy: Okay.
Scene: Indy storms into the playhouse to grab Polly.
Indy: I’m never playing Mums and Dads with you again!
Rusty: Well, I’m not playing Mums and Dads with you ever again.
Indy and Rusty: Hmph!
Scene: Both walk out in opposite directions.
Calypso: We’ll see.
Rusty [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Mums and Dads.
Scene: The scene switches to Indy, carrying Polly, approaching the sand pit, where Mackenzie is digging a hole with his bare paws, dog-like.
Indy: Hi, Mackenzie. I’m gonna play Mums and Dads with you. (briefly looks irritated) Because I’m never playing with Rusty again.
Mackenzie: Sounds good.
Indy: What are you doing?
Scene: Mackenzie pops his head out of the hole.
Mackenzie: I’m digging a hole to the bottom of the sand pit.
Scene: Mackenzie resumes digging.
Indy: Ooh. Can Polly and I help?
Mackenzie: Sure.
Scene: Indy steps into the sand pit and picks up a nearby wooden shovel.
Indy: Rusty would never do something this fun.
Scene: Indy stops in her tracks as she hears a thump.
Mackenzie: (from deep in the hole) Aah! I hit the bottom!
Indy: What’s there?!
Mackenzie: (pops his head up) Green plastic?
Scene: Mackenzie starts looking around.
Indy: Okay, well… Now it’s time for Polly’s lunch.
Scene: Mackenzie emerges from the hole and starts digging again in another spot.
Mackenzie: Let’s dig another one!
Indy: (startled) What? Mackenzie! (rolls her eyes) Hmph.
Scene: Indy drops the shovel and storms off. The scene transitions back inside, where Rusty is approaching Bluey, who is sitting by the windowsill and feeding a purple-bonneted baby doll with a wooden bottle. Zara, meanwhile, is playing with a few wooden figurines.
Rusty: Can I play Mums and Dads with you, Bluey?
Bluey: (stops “feeding” the doll) Sure.
Rusty: Great. (looks to the side with a glare) ‘Cause I’m never playing Mums and Dads with Indy ever again.
Bluey: (sets down the baby doll) I’ll be the Mum.
Scene: Rusty turns to a wooden lawnmower.
Rusty: Great. I’ll just fix this-
Scene: Bluey grabs Rusty, who grunts uncomfortably, and puts him in her lap.
Bluey: Gotcha!
Rusty: Hey!
Bluey: (puts the wooden bottle in Rusty’s mouth) Time for your bottle, baby!
Rusty: (pushes Bluey’s arm away) Aaah! What are you doing?
Bluey: Playing Mums and Dads. You’re my baby!
Scene: Bluey sticks the bottle back in Rusty’s mouth.
Bluey: (high-pitched voice) Baby want milky treats?
Scene: Rusty pushes Bluey away as he yelps scared.
Scene: The scene transitions to Snickers, howling and spinning in a circle. He stops as Indy approaches.
Indy: Snickers, you don’t like digging holes, do you?
Snickers: (waves his arms) Not with these little sausage-dog arms.
Indy: Great. Let’s play Mums and Dads.
Snickers: Okay.
Indy: (hands Polly to Snickers) Polly is our baby and I need to get to work, so-
Scene: Coco runs in and tags Snickers, who, startled, tosses Polly up in the air, to Indy’s panic.
Coco: Tag! You’re it, Snickers!
Snickers: I’m gonna get you!
Scene: Snickers runs off as Indy catches Polly.
Indy: Snickers!
Scene: The scene cuts back to inside. Rusty is sitting in a wooden cradle with a pacifier in his mouth. He is also wearing a purple bonnet. Bluey is rocking the cradle.
Bluey: (overly exaggerated singing voice) Hush, little baby, don’t you cry. Mummy’s gonna sing you a lullaby!
Rusty: (takes out pacifier and attempts to get up) Bluey! I don’t want to be the baby! I want to be the dad!
Scene: Bluey sniffs Rusty.
Bluey: Whoo! Someone’s stinky!
Rusty: What?
Bluey: Time to change your nappy!
Rusty: Nooo! (tries to push Bluey away)
Scene: The scene cuts back outside, where Winton is flapping his droopy cheeks, stopping as Indy approaches.
Indy: Winton, if we play Mums and Dads, will you pinky-promise to do everything I say?
Winton: Yes! I’m a very obedient breed.
Indy: Great. (hands Polly to Winton) Here’s Polly. I’m off to work.
Scene: Indy turns around and leaves.
Winton: (to Polly) Uh, hello.
The scene cuts to Indy skipping over to an elevated wooden pavilion with a small table in the center of the platform. She goes up the stairs and takes a seat on a stump behind the table. A few blocks are positioned on the table to represent a laptop: a half-circle block as the mouse, a laying down block as the keyboard, and three different colored blocks standing up as the screen.
Indy: Right, now to get some work done.
Scene: Indy cracks her knuckles, adjusts a few of the blocks and pretends to type on the “keyboard”.
Indy: Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
Scene: She stops suddenly and turns her head, the camera panning over to reveal Winton, holding Polly, standing nearby.
Indy: Winton! (gets up and approaches Winton)
Winton: I don’t know what to do.
Indy: You have to get Polly to sleep.
Winton: How?
Indy: Just rock her back and forth!
Scene: Winton pauses for a moment before shaking Polly up and down.
Indy: No! (takes Polly back) Like this.
Scene: Indy gently cradles Polly and rocks her slowly side to side before handing her back to Winton.
Indy: There, she’s asleep.
Winton: Now what do I do?
Indy: You take her home and put her in the cot.
Winton: Okay. (pause) Where do I live?
Scene: Indy groans and facepalms.
Scene: The scene cuts back inside. Rusty, still wearing the bonnet, is confined to a wooden highchair and Bluey, sitting on the nearby bench, is attempting to feed him “food” from a pink bowl with a green spoon.
Bluey: Here comes the airplane!
Scene: Rusty refuses and shakes his head.
Bluey: (high-pitched) Aw, does baby not like his nummy-nummy?
Scene: Rusty begrudgingly opens his mouth to let Bluey “feed” him.
Bluey: Oh, good boy!
Scene: Back outside, Indy, carrying Polly, rushes to approach the light grey Terrier.
Indy: Hey, Terrier. You’re playing Mums and Dads with me!
Scene: Indy forcefully hands over Polly.
Light Grey Terrier: Oh, okay. (takes Polly) I do have to do this one thing, though…
Indy: Make sure you give her some tummy time.
Scene: Indy leaves.
Light Grey Terrier: All right.
Scene: The other two Terriers, each carrying a wooden sword and red shields, approach from the other direction.
Dark Grey Terrier: Are you ready to storm the castle?
Light Grey Terrier: Uh, I think so.
Scene: The light grey Terrier takes the wooden sword from his dark grey brother.
Scene: The scenes cuts to Bluey carting Rusty outside in a too small stroller. Rusty has the pacifier back in his mouth.
Bluey: Baby loves his walkies!
Scene: Rusty spits out the pacifier behind him as Bluey stops the stroller to go get it.
Bluey: Oh, cheeky baby, spitting your dummy out.
Scene: Rusty sees this as his opportunity, propelling himself out of the stroller and running off.
Bluey: Don’t worry, we’ll- (notices Rusty is gone) Hey! Runaway baby!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Indy at her “computer”.
Indy: (sigh) Finally, I can get some work done. (starts “typing”) Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. (pauses) I wonder what Polly’s up to.
Scene: As Indy continues, the scene pans over to the playground fort behind her. The three Terriers charge in, the light grey Terrier carrying Polly in a yellow front harness, towards Pretzel, Chloe, Honey, and Gruber, who are on the opposite end with wooden swords and blue shields.
Terriers: Yeah!
Chloe: Here they come!
Scene: The children clash swords for a while before the scene cuts back to Indy, still typing.
Indy: Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap-
Scene: Suddenly, the light grey Terrier comes flying in on his back, crashing into the blocks on the table as Indy screams. The Terrier groans in pain.
Indy: I don’t understand what’s so difficult about this!
Scene: Meanwhile, Rusty, screaming, is continuing to run away from Bluey down the main path, briefly passing by the swingset where Juniper is sitting and Missy is waiting her turn. Bluey runs by soon after, still pushing the empty stroller.
Bluey: Someone stop that baby!
Scene: Indy is sitting near the sandpit, holding Polly.
Indy: Oh, Polly. Rusty would never take you to raid a castle.
Scene: Rusty suddenly runs into the scene.
Rusty: Indy, you have to help me! Bluey’s gone crazy! I need to hide!
Indy: (stands) Oh, okay. Um… I know!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey, pushing her stroller towards the sand pit, which now has seven holes dug by Mackenzie.
Bluey: (calling out) Baby! Baby!
Scene: She stops when she finds Winton standing nearby.
Bluey: Winton, have you seen my baby?
Winton: No, sorry.
Bluey: Aww!
Winton: (pause) I’ll be your baby.
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: The scene cuts over to one of the sand pit holes.
Bluey: (offscreen) Time for your bottle, baby!
Winton: (offscreen; baby voice) Mama, mama!
Scene: The scene shows Indy and Rusty hiding in the hole.
Indy: I think she’s gone.
Rusty: Thanks, Indy. (waves to Polly) Hello, Polly.
Scene: Indy holds Polly forward, letting Rusty rub her stomach.
Rusty: Good to see you again. Oh! Green plastic. (taps at the ground)
Indy: I’m sorry I yelled at you, Rusty.
Rusty: I’m sorry I yelled at you.
Indy: (rocks Polly gently) Should we play Mums and Dads again?
Rusty: Yes, please.
Scene: Both of their tails wag for a moment.
Indy: I like the bonnet!
Rusty: Ugh! (pulls the bonnet off of his head)
Scene: The scene cuts back inside, the two reentering their playhouse. Rusty is holding Polly.
Rusty: Indy, I think mums can go to work.
Indy: Yeah, so can dads, if they want. So… How about you go to work, and I’ll look after Polly. (takes Polly from Rusty)
Rusty: No, it’s okay. (takes Polly back)
Indy: (tries to pull Polly back) No, I really don’t mind.
Rusty: (tries to pull back) No, I really don’t mind.
Scene: Bluey passes by, pushing Winton, with a pacifier in his mouth and a bonnet on his head, in the wooden stroller.
Bluey: Well, someone has to go to work.
Rusty: (releases Polly, letting Indy take her) What do we got to do?
Indy and Rusty: What if it’s the weekend? Yeah!
Scene: The scene skips ahead to Rusty gently rocking Polly in a small wooden cradle while Indy enjoys a cup of tea at the table.
Rusty: She’s asleep now!
Indy: Great. (turns her head) I think the sink’s broken again.
Rusty: Oh, okay. (ducks under the shelf) I’ll fix it.
Indy: Thanks Rusty!
Scene: The scene pans out to an outside view of the school. A chicken on the roof lets out a cluck.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: Bluey dances as the credits music, a continuation of the episode’s soundtrack, Bach’s Where Sheep May Safely Graze, plays.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a distant view of the Heeler house, then cuts to Bandit on the living room couch as he is about to lie down.
Bandit: Oh, man. He feels a Yes/No button, which makes a sound as he lies on it: Y-Y-Y-Yes Peace and quiet. Throws the button; the button says No. He proceeds to lie down. Suddenly, he is awakened by...
Bluey: Hey! Check out my big bum!
Scene: Scene shows Bluey and Bingo playing around with Bluey's big bum, which is really a beanbag she holds behind her
Bingo: She giggles, as she gets knocked down by Bluey's bum Ah!
Bluey: Oh, sorry Love. Wasn't me. It was my big beanbag bum. She howls
Scene: Bingo squeals
Bandit, annoyed: Girls, it was nice and quiet in here!
Bingo: Not anymore!
Bluey: Oop! Sits on Bingo as she giggles
Bandit: Kids!
Bluey: Ok, we'll go somewhere else. She tries to go between the couch and a chair, only to have her bum stuck Ah! Hey, my big bum's stuck!
Scene: Bingo laughs as she tries to help Bluey. Bluey howls again.
Bandit: Kids! Come on. You're too noisy!
Bluey: We're just playing.
Bandit: Well, can't you play a quieter game?
Scene: Bingo Like what?
Scene: Bluey climbs over the beanbag and stands next to Bingo
Bandit: Ooh, I know the best game ever!
Bluey and Bingo: What?
Bandit: You have to see how long you can go without making a single noise.
Bluey, enthusiastically: Ooh, OK!
Bandit: You ready?
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Bandit OK, go!
Scene: The Quiet Game begins; the girls just blankly stare and not making a sound.
Bandit: I think you've got the hang of it. See if you can make it till your 13th birthdays.
Scene: Bluey pats her sister to get her attention, then makes a sign to ask whether she would like to make a block tower. Bingo nods. The two head to a pile of blocks in the middle of the living room.
Bandit: Bandit, you're a genius. He lies down.
Chilli: Honey, Madge just rang in sick. I have to get to work. While she is talking to Bandit, she is packing her bag, which involves removing a couple of stuffed toys
Bandit: I'll be on the couch.
Chilli: No, I need you to go and buy a birthday present for Muffin.
Bandit: Oh, Madge!
Chilli: Trixie said to get a Moonlight Unicorn. She collects them. But don't get one she's already got, OK? Or she'll go bananas.
Bandit: Well, how do I know which one she's already got?
Chilli: The kids know, don't you, girls?
Scene: The girls nod in agreement
Chilli: See? They'll tell you. Gotta go. She picks up bag and leaves Hmm, it's quiet in here.
Bandit, feeling doomed: Oh, biscuits.
Bluey, whispering: This episode of Bluey is called The Quiet Game.
Scene: It cuts to the city, with several people being seen during the scene.
Bandit: Oh, well, at least it's still nice and quiet. He looks at an ice cream cart Hey, you kids want some ice cream?
Scene: The girls jump in excitement and agreement, but Bandit ignores them because he doesn't hear anything
Bandit: Kids?
Scene: The girls run in front of the cart to get his attention. Again, Bandit ignores them.
Bandit: No? Can't hear anything.
Scene: The girls give up and walk back behind their dad, disappointed
Bandit: Alright. Well, if you change your mind, just speak up. He chuckled Oh, this is awesome.
Scene: The three ascend an escalator. Meanwhile, a car is parked just near the escalator the Heelers took. A young dog gets out of the car driven by his Mum.
Alfie's Mum: Good luck on your first day at work, Alfie! You're gonna do great! Trust me.
Alfie: How do you know I won't mess it all up?
Alfie's Mum: You won't. Just do your best and be as helpful as you can.
Alfie: Okay, Mum. He gets up the elevator as his mum drives off.
Scene: Inside the department store.
Bandit: Alright, toy section. Ah, what's thing called again, kids? Moonbeam, something? Kids?
Scene: The kids don't respond.
Bandit: Oh, yeah, you're still playing the quiet game.
Scene: The kids nod.
Bandit: Okay. Boop! Un-paused the game so you can tell what to Muffin wants.
Scene: The kids wag their fingers.
Bandit, annoyed: Ugh! Look, at least nod when I get it right. He picks up a toy. What about this?
Scene: The kids shake their heads
Bandit: He picks up another. How about this one?
Scene: The kids shake their heads again
Bandit: Ah, give me a clue, come on!
Scene: The kids look at each other excitedly, then run a bit further away from Bandit so he can see them acting it out. Bingo makes her first move by making what looks like a circle
Bandit: Moon. Yes, I need that one.
Scene: Bingo nods, then Bingo and Bluey point to the ceiling, trying to depict light.
Bandit: Uh.. Moon roof? No, Moon ceiling! Moon sprinkler?
Scene: Bingo and Bluey act out laughing. Bandit proceeds to ask Alfie.
Bandit: Hey mate, Do you have a toy called Moon Sprinkler?
Alfie: Uhh, I don't know, sorry. It's my first day today, I can check out the back.
Bandit: Thanks mate. He turns back to Bluey and Bingo Now where were we?
Scene: Bluey depicts her arms horizontally, one going up and the other going down, while Bingo is depicting something that looks like a circle. Both using gestures.
Bandit: Moon.
Scene: Bluey then points to a trucks headlamp.
Bandit: Moon truck?
Scene: Bluey rolls her eyes, and points at it harder.
Bandit: Moon headlight? Moon light? Moonlight!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo both do a thumbs up.
Scene: Bandit says something inaudible.
Scene: Bluey shows as Bingo depicts herself as a unicorn, galloping with her finger pointed up of her head as a horn.
Bandit: Uhm.. HORSE!
Scene: Bluey shakes her head, Bingo stops, but still depicting herself being a unicorn.
Bandit: No, not horse, that one has a horn, horses don't have horns. Wait. UNICORN! MOONLIGHT UNICORN! Boom! Hahaha! He looks around Ok, now where are the Moonlight Unicorns.
Scene: It cuts to shelves filled with Moonlight Unicorns. All what looks like it being different from each and every one.
Bandit: There's thousands of them, and they're all different! Appledale, Pebbledasher, y'do you know what Muffin wants?
Scene: They both nod.
Bandit: Can you tell me?
Scene: They both shake their heads.
Bandit: Oh you can't tell me. Can you point at it?
Scene: They both shake their heads again.
Bandit: Errgh! Look kids, you and the Quiet Game ok. You win, Hurray!! Gold Medal Gold Medal He pretends to put gold medals on the girls. You can talk now.
Scene: No response from either from them.
Bandit: Errgh! The Quiet Game isn't actually a real game, I made it up because you kids were too noisy.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo depict themselves in a shocked manner.
Bandit: I'm sorry, I'm a dodgy dad.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo do something uh, I cannot describe, like a bowing movement?
Bandit: So that means you can talk now?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo shake their heads.
Bandit: Errgh! Forget this. He reads the Moonlight Unicorn's name on the box Bramblehop, eh that'll do.
Scene: It cuts to a registration area.
Bandit: So Muffin gets a unicorn that she's already got, what's the worst that can happen?
Scene: Bluey pokes Bandit a few times, grabbing his attention before grabbing the package, Bluey puts on a party hat for Bingo before Bluey runs.
Bandit: Ok your Muffin, got it, it's your birthday. You get your present and unwrap it. It's Bramblehop.
Scene: During the entire sequence Bandit saying that, Bluey is depicted as the party guest, giving the present to unwrap it for Bingo, pretending to be Muffin. She pretends to unwrap the present, looks at the box, and then proceeding to get angry.
Bandit: Oh, boy.
Scene: The next sequence is that Bingo pretending to be Muffin throws the present to the ground, and proceeding to chase the party guest.
Bandit: Oh that's not good.
Scene: The final sequence is still chasing, and then throwing into a temper tantrum, before Bingo getting up, and both of them bowing.
Bandit: Wow.
Cashier: Can I help you?
Bandit: I'll be right back. He picks up the Moonlight Unicorn package and puts it back, cutting there within shots in the process.
Bandit: Alright, act out the name Muffin wants and I'll guess it.
Scene: Again, as I'll mention but in a similar manner, The kids look at each other excitedly, and then begin acting, Bluey is writing something, then Bingo acts like a type of flying bird animal.
Bandit: Writing.. Writing bird.. book, Book bird! Book chicken! Yes!
Scene: Bluey stops Bandit from grabbing a Moonlight Unicorn package. The acting Bluey and Bingo do intensifies.
Bandit: No, not Book Chicken. Hand, finger, finger chicken, chicken head, Is it chicken heads?! Oh Madge, Why can't you take better care of yourselves?!
Scene: Alfie walks in, and Bluey and Bingo stop acting.
Alfie: Sorry sir, but we don't have any Moon Sprinklers? I'm not actually sure they exist.
Bandit: Forget the sprinklers, I got a new problem. Muffin wants a unicorn thing, these kids know which one, I need you to figure it out.
Alfie: Why don't you just ask them?
Bandit: Look.. He takes a glance at the name tag Alfie, You'll understand what, Can you help me.
Alfie: Yes, I can help you.
Bandit: Good man Alfie! Alright, Action!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo act like what they did earlier; Bluey writing something and Bingo acting like a flying bird thing.
Bandit: See, that one is writing, I think it's book, but I can't find any starting with book. He looked through the shelves.
Scene: Alfie approaches Bluey, observing what she is acting out.
Alfie: You're definitely writing something, but not a book, It's not what you're wri-TING, It's what you're writing with.. He gasps Pen!
Scene: At this point, a crowd formed, they cheer Alfie and applause.
Bandit: Yea! Good one Alfie!
Alfie: He then observes what Bingo is acting out. Now what about you?
Bandit: See I thought it was a chicken or some sort of pheasant, maybe a partridge, is there a pen partridge
Alfie: Shh!
Bandit, whispering: Oh, yea sorry.
Alfie: Still observing Bingo on what she's acting You've got wings like a bird, But their big wings. C'mon Alfie, you have to be helpful.
Scene: Bingo then starts to squawk, which is supposed to mean breathing fire.
Alfie: Oh, you're squawking, No.. no that's not squawking, That's.. breathing.. Fire!
Scene: Alfie looks through the shelves and pulls out the Pendragon Moonlight Unicorn package.
Alfie: Pendragon!
Bingo: Yes!
Bandit, along with the crowd: Yes!
Bandit: We got em!
Scene: (It appears Bingo spoke.)
Bluey: Bingo! You spoke!
Scene: (It appears Bluey spoke too.)
Bingo: So did you!
Bluey: Ah! I did!
Scene: Both of them laugh.
Bandit: Alfie you rockstar! Proceeding to carry Alfie up
Bluey, Bingo and the crowd: Alfie! Alfie! Alfie!
Bandit: He puts down Alfie Hey man are you his boss?
Alfie's Boss: Yes?
Bandit: Well he's a legend!
Scene: Bluey, Bingo and the whole crowd cheer on to Alfie's success, as Alfie's face turns into a smile.
Scene: It then cuts to the distant view of the Heeler Home, but fore cutting back to the living room.
Bluey, in an opera sounding voice: Woo! Wrapping Muffin's present!!
Bingo, in an opera sounding voice: Woo we need some more sticky tapppeee!
Bandit, in an  opera sounding voice: Oh here's some more! He gives the tape to Bingo
Chilli: I'm back!
Bandit, Bingo, and Bluey in unison: Oooh mother is bacckk!
Bandit: How Maddggge?
Chilli: Wow, it's loud in here!
Bluey: We like it loudd!
Chilli: Maybe just a little quieter for your poor dad?
Bandit: Ah, I'm fine, It's music to my ears. Rubbing Bingo's head while he is lying on the couch.
Scene: The credits roll out, with Bluey having dancing with her big beanbag bum, with the same motif playing in the beginning where Bluey and Bingo pretending that Bluey had a big bum.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler's house.  It then transitions to the main bath, where Bandit is applying toothpaste to his toothbrush.
Bandit: (imitating an electric guitar riff) Neow neow neow, neow neow neow neow.
Scene: Bandit starts brushing his teeth, and then steps on a digital scale.  It beeps.
Bandit: Oh, man.
Scene: Bluey pops out of the bathtub.
Bluey: What?
Bandit: Ah! Bluey!
Scene: Bandit walks back over to the sink.
Bluey: Why did you say Oh, man?
Scene: Bandit spits and puts away his toothbrush.
Bandit: (sighs) Ugh, I just need to do some exercise.
Scene: Chilli and Bingo enter the bathroom.
Chilli: Tell me about it.
Bluey: Whoa!
Scene: Bluey ducks back into the tub.  Bandit examines his love handles in the mirror.  Off screen, we hear Chilli start running the shower.
Bingo: (singing) Doo-doo doo-doo doo-doo doo.
Scene: Bingo walks up behind Bandit.  Bandit sighs, and pinches a roll of belly fat.  Bingo picks up a rubber ducky and throws it into the tub.
Bluey: (offscreen) Ow!
Bingo: (giggles) Found you!
Scene: Bluey pops back up.
Bluey: Why don't you just do some exercise?
Scene: Bandit attempts to look at his backside in the mirror.  Bingo starts to rearrange the foam letters on the side of the tub.
Bandit: Same old reason, Bluey: you kids and work.
Bingo: Us?
Bluey: Why don't you do it now?
Scene: Bandit examines his front in the mirror.
Bandit: 'Cause I'd be late for work.
Bluey: So?
Bandit: Well, that wouldn't make my boss very happy.
Bingo: How do you make your boss very happy?
Bandit: By not being late for work.
Scene: The episode's background music begins to play.
Bluey: Well, we won't get in the way of your exercise, and I think your boss would want you to be very happy as well.
Bandit: Yeah, maybe you're right, Bluey.
Scene: The background music pauses for a moment as the scales beep.  The camera cuts back to show Chilli standing on them.
Chilli: Oh, man.
Scene: The scene cuts to a brief shot of the top of the poinciana tree and sky, then to the back yard.  Bandit is laying out a green towel on the grass.  He has a pair of dumbbells on the lawn, and has set up his phone on a speaker dock on the bench.
Bandit: Hey, Phoney, play exercise playlist.
Scene: Dance music begins to play.  Bandit taps his exercise tracker band a few times.
Bandit: Okay.  Ten minutes 'til I got to go to work.  Let's get some exercise.
Scene: Bandit turns around.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: The camera pulls back.  Bingo is sitting in between the dumbbells and pantomiming driving; so that the weights represent tires.
Bingo: (imitating engine) Vroom! Vroom!
Bandit: Oh, man.
Bingo: (imitating horn) Beep, beep!
Bandit: Bingo, I need those.
Bingo: But I'm on my way to work.
Bandit: Can't you catch the bus?
Bingo: I want to get there early. I'm starting a new job.
Bandit: Uh, righto. I'll do some sit-ups.
Scene: Bandit turns around.  The camera pulls back to show Bluey using the towel as a blanket.
Bandit: What the—
Scene: Bluey pantomimes waking up, yawning, and then checking her watch.
Bluey: (yawns) Oop, late for work.
Bandit: (sighs)
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Exercise.
Scene: Bluey makes her bed, putting the towel back where it was, then runs in a loop behind the tree.  Bingo continues making car noises.
Bandit: Okay.  I can make this work.
Scene: Bingo pantomimes parking the car and gets out.
Bingo: (imitating brakes) Errt! (imitating car door) Clink! (imitating remote lock) Woop-woop.
Scene: Bluey approaches from behind.
Bluey: Hey, hey, hold the door!
Scene: Bingo pantomimes holding the door for her.  Bluey walks through, onto the towel.
Bingo: Oh, yes.  There you go.
Bluey: Thanks.  Ooh, I haven't seen you around? Are you new?
Bingo: Yes.  This is my first day.
Bluey: Oh, well, I could show you around, if you like. I've worked here for ages.
Bingo: Oh, thanks.
Bluey: It's a pretty boring job.
Scene: The camera pulls back.  Bandit is doing squats.
Bluey: This is the lift.  You push this button...
Scene: She pokes Bandit's stomach.
Bluey: (imitating button) Doot!
Scene: Bandit squats down, and makes a platform with his hands.  Bluey steps on.
Bluey: So then push what floor you want.
Scene: Bluey mimes pushing a button.
Bluey: (imitating button) Doot!
Scene: Bandit stands halfway.
Bandit: (groans)
Bingo: (giggles)
Bluey: This floor's just some, um, people and stuff. The top floor's the best. (imitating button) Doot!
Scene: Bandit stands all the way up.
Bandit: (groans)
Bluey: Hi!
Bingo: (giggles)
Bluey: (imitating button) Doot!
Scene: Bandit squats down, returning Bluey to ground level.
Bingo: Can I try?
Scene: Bluey steps onto Bandit's right hand, and Bingo steps onto his left.
Bluey: Yeah, but the lift's a bit slow with two people. It's very old.
Scene: Bandit rolls his eyes.  Bingo pantomimes pressing a button.
Bingo: (imitating button) Bwoot! Top floor!
Scene: Bandit stands up.  He continues straining and groaning as the girls talk.
Bandit: (groans)
Bluey: Hi, everyone. This is...
Bingo: Larn.
Bluey: She's new. I'm showing her ar—
Scene: Bandit loses balance, and all three fall forwards.
Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo: Aaaaaah!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggling)
Bluey: Let's take the stairs.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close up of Bandit's phone.  The album art and background music change.  The scene pulls back slightly.  Bandit's arms enter and leave the frame as he does floor presses with the dumbbells; his body is not visible.  Bluey and Bingo enter the frame.
Bandit: (grunting)
Bluey: So, this is your chair.
Bingo: Ooh!
Scene: Bandit raises his arms without the dumbbells, hands spread to form a seat.
Bluey: Hop on. I'll show you how it works. You push this lever, and...
Scene: Bingo pantomimes pushing the lever on a pneumatic office chair.  Bandit lowers her with a jerky motino.
Bandit: (imitating pneumatic cylinder)  Pssh!
Bingo: (shrieking) Aah!  (giggles)
Bluey: ... it goes lower, and you push it again for higher.
Scene: Bingo pantomimes pulling on the lever.  Bandit raises her all the way.
Bandit: (imitating pneumatic cylinder)  Pssh!
Bingo: Whee!
Scene: Bingo operates the lever over and over, while giggling.  Bandit continues to raise and lower her.
Bandit: (imitating pneumatic cylinder)  Pssh! Pssh! Pssh! Pssh! Pssh! Pssh!
Scene: Bingo ends in the upper position.
Bluey: and when I get bored, I...
Scene: Bluey pantomimes giving the office chair a big spin.
Bluey: ...spin!
Scene: Bandit spins Bingo around.
Bingo: Whee! (giggles)
Bandit: Whoa, whoa!
Scene: Bandit stops spinning Bingo.  She wobbles back and forth dizzily.
Bluey: Come on.  I'll show you to the cafeteria.
Scene: Bingo falls forward off the seat.
Bingo: Ah!  Oof.
Scene: The scene cuts to the phone again; the album art and music has changed.  It cuts back to Bandit, who is doing jumping jacks.
Bandit: .. ten, eleven, twelve ...
Scene: Bandit continues counting as Bingo and Bluey walk up to him.
Bluey: So this is the cafeteria.  Do you want a sushi roll?
Bingo: Well, I really think I should be getting to wo—
Bluey: One sushi roll, please.
Scene: Bandit grabs Bingo.
Bandit: Yah!
Bingo: (squeals)
Scene: Bandit puts Bingo down on the towel and rolls her up in it.
Bingo: (giggles)
Bandit: (grunts) Yah!
Scene: Bandit picks up the Bingo roll and carries her over to Bluey.
Bandit: You want soy sauce?
Bluey: Yes, please!
Bingo: No!
Scene: Bandit pantomimes dipping Bingo's head in soy sauce.
Bandit: Dip, and dip.
Bingo: (giggles)
Bandit: Here you go!
Bluey: Oof!
Bingo: (giggling)
Scene: Bandit hands the Bingo roll to Bluey, who immediately falls over backwards.
Scene: The scene cuts to a garden gnome, who is wearing a weight belt and lifting a barbell over its head.  Its facial expression might be meant to convey great effort, but it also looks as if its about to vomit.  The scene cuts back to Bandit, who is doing sit ups, with Bingo standing on his right foot and Bluey on his left.
Bandit: (alternately grunting and exhaling)
Bingo: Well, thanks for showing me around.  I'm going to start work now.
Bluey: Hang on.  You haven't seen the ping-pong table.
Bingo: Uh, I think I'm meant to be doing my job. What if the boss catches me?
Bluey: Don't worry. The boss loves ping-pong. C'mon!
Scene: Bluey grabs Bingo's hand, and the two run off.  Bandit, losing his counterweights mid sit-up, falls backwards.
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: The scene cuts to the yard.  The hose divides the yard in half, with Bingo on the left and Bluey on the right.  They both have ping-pong paddles, and Bandit is standing in front of Bluey.
Bluey: Ready?
Bingo: Ready!
Scene: Bluey serves, and Bandit starts running.
Bluey: Bwut!
Bandit: (panting)
Scene: Bingo returns him.
Bingo: Poit!
Scene: Bluey returns.
Bluey: Bwut!
Scene: The camera cuts to an overhead shot as Bingo returns.  Bluey is on the opposite side of the court from where she needs to be.
Bingo: Poit!
Bandit: Bluey, get there, get there!
Scene: Bluey trots over, clearly not making an effort.  Bandit sails by her.
Bandit: Argh!
Scene: Bandit crashes head first into the hedge.  Only his bum is still visible.
Bandit: Oof!
Bluey: Whoa.  Good shot!
Bandit: (groans).
Scene: The scene cuts back to the towel.  Bandit walks in from screen right, tired and mussed with leaves in his fur.  He collapses on the towel.
Bandit: (groans)  Agh.  Ugh.
Scene: The camera cuts back to the office position, and Bandit's hands form the chair.  Bingo climbs up and sits down.
Bingo: Well, thanks for that.  I'd best get to my job now.
Bluey: Oh, yes, of course. I probably should do some work, too. See you around.
Scene: Bluey waves and exits.  Bingo pulls the lever, and Bandit raises her up.
Bandit: (imitating pneumatic cylinder) Pssh-gung.
Scene: Bingo puts her hands out, pantomiming a keyboard.
Bingo: Wait, what is my job?
Bluey: (offscreen) Psst!
Bingo: Huh?
Scene: The scene cuts to a wider shot.  Bluey is hiding behind Bandit's head.
Bluey: Psst!  (whispering) Hey, down here!
Bingo: What are you doing?
Bluey: (whispering) I'm sneaking off to the fun park! Come on!
Bingo: What?
Bluey: (whispering) Just a quick go on the roller-coaster.
Bingo: What if the boss sees us?
Scene: Bandit's arms begin to tremble.
Bluey: (whispering) Look, your boss just wants you to be happy, okay?
Scene: Bandit grimaces with the effort of holding up Bingo.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo jumps down, and both girls run offscreen.  Bandit relaxes his arms.
Bandit: (sighs) Ah! Thank goodness.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo go into the playroom, then immediately come back out.
Bluey: Here we are at the fun park!
Bandit: Oh, what?!
Scene: The scene cuts to show Bandit throwing Bluey up into the air.
Bandit: (grunts)
Bluey: (squeals)
Bandit: (grunts)
Bluey: (squeals)
Scene: The scene cuts to show Bandit swinging Bluey in circles by her right arm and left foot.
Bandit: Whoooaaa!
Bluey: (giggles)
Scene: The scene cuts; showing the same scene from Bandits perspective.  It cuts again, showing Bandit swinging Bingo around by the shoulders; still from his perspective.
Bingo: (squeals) (giggles)
Scene: The scene cuts.  Bandit is running through the yard, holding Bluey sideways and waving her up and down.
Bandit: (grunts)
Bluey: (giggles)
Scene: Bandit takes her through a hairpin turn.
Bluey: Whoo!
Scene: The scene cuts.  Bandit is holding Bingo on the ground, he lifts her quickly over his head.
Bingo: Yeah! (giggles)
Scene: The scene cuts.  We see a camera's view of Bluey taking a selfie.  She's hugging Bingo, who is making a peace sign.  Bandit is panting in the background.  The camera clicks, and the scene freezes into a photo.
Scene: The scene cuts to an empty bit of yard.  Bingo walks into frame carrying Greydancer.  Bluey follows, holding Polly Puppy.
Bingo: That was so much fun.
Bluey: I told you.
Scene: Bingo pantomimes looking at a watch.
Bingo: Oh, my goodness! It's 14 o'clock! We have to get back to work!
Scene: They drop the stuffed animals and run off.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit, standing on the towel.  He's stretching his lower back.  Bluey and Bingo walk in, and he squats down to form the elevator.
Bingo: I can't see the boss.
Bluey: Me neither!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo take their places in Bandit's hands.
Bingo: (imitating button) Poit!
Scene: Bandit struggles to lift the girls.
Bandit: (groans)
Bingo: Thanks so much for showing me 'round.
Bluey: No problems.
Bandit: (groans and strains)
Bingo: Sorry I didn't go to the fun park straight away. I just want to do this job really good and make my boss happy.
Bluey: You DID make your boss happy.
Bingo: Huh?
Bluey: I'm your boss!
Bingo: What?! Really?
Bandit: (groans and strains)
Bluey: Yeah, and I'm happy! Are you happy?
Bingo: I'm REALLY happy!
Bluey: Great. Then we're both happy.
Bingo: Why didn't you tell me before?
Bandit: (groans loudly)
Bluey: Well, the answer to that is long, so here it is. When I started this company, I—
Bandit: Argh!
Scene: Bandit falls down, the girls falling on top of him.
Bandit, Bluey, and Bingo: Oof!
Bandit: (groaning) Augh.
Bluey: I really should get this lift fixed.
Scene: Bandit's fitness tracker beeps.
Bandit: (sighing) Whew.  Time for a warm-down.
Scene: Bandit starts stretching his leg.  Bluey and Bingo get back up.
Bingo: I have another question.  What actually is my job?
Bluey: Oh, that's easy. You just hold this.
Scene: Bluey holds up Bandit's leg.
Bingo: Oh.
Scene: Bingo takes over holding up Bandit's leg.
Bluey: I told you it was boring.
Bingo: Hee-hee!
Bluey: You're doing a great job, though.
Bingo: Thanks. You really are the happiest boss ever.
Scene: Chilli enters from the patio, holding a sport water bottle.
Chilli: (clears throat) Hi, boss. Um, I'm back with your cup of tea.
Scene: Bluey takes a swig from the water bottle, then spits it out.  She throws the water bottle on the ground.
Bluey: (yelling with a deep voice) I said I wanted ELEVEN sugars!
Chilli: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Bluey: (yelling with a deep voice) I'm not happy!  Larn, new job.
Scene: Bandit takes off the fitness tracker and tosses it to Chilli.
Bluey: (yelling with a deep voice) Tickle her!
Scene: Bingo salutes.  Chilli slips on the fitness tracker and runs off, pursued by Bingo.
Chilli: (squeals) (yelling) I'm sorry!
Scene: Chilli and Bingo run back and forth around the yard.
Bingo: (giggles)
Chilli: (yelling) I promise I'll do a better job next time!
Scene: Bandit gets up and walks onto the patio, ruffling Bluey's hair as he passes.
Bluey: You try and be a happy boss, but then this sort of thing happens.
Bingo: (giggling)
Chilli: (laughing)
Scene: Bandit continues on into the house.  Bingo and Chilli run around the yard as Bluey watches, hands on hips.
Scene: The camera pans up into the sky, which fades into a doctor's office.  Bandit has his arm in a blood pressure cuff, which is being read by a doctor.  Bluey and Bingo play with blocks on the floor.
Doctor: Huh, 120 over 80. Excellent.
Scene: The doctor takes off the cuff and turns to his computer.
Doctor: Got to say, Bandit, you're in great shape. Have you been going to the gym?
Scene: Bandit ruffles Bluey's hair.
Bandit: Nah, it's been coming to me.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits song is the most energetic arrangement of the episode music, that plays during the fun park and Chilli chase scenes.  Instead of Bluey dancing, we see Bandit doing sit-ups.  His feet are weighted down with the dumbbells, with Greydancer and Polly Puppy sitting on top of them.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Theme song]
Scene: The episode opens with Bluey and Bingo hiding underneath a bedsheet, Bingo giggling.
Bluey: Shhh!
Scene: From off, a door opens.
Chilli [from off]: Bandit, I'm just having a quick shower, then I'll give you a hand cleaning the room.
Bandit [from off]: All good, I've got it covered.
Scene: The door closes and the shower starts running.
Bandit [from off]: Now, where are those naughty kids?
Scene: Bingo giggles again. Suddenly, Bandit pulls the sheet off.
Bluey, Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: Oh, whoa, here they are!
Bluey: Do that again!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle as Bandit puts the sheet over his kids and removes it repeatedly.
Bandit: Kids, no kids. Kids, no kids. Kids, no kids.
Bluey: Let's play hotels!
Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: Oh no, not hotels.
Bingo [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called: Hotel.
Scene: Bluey cuts out paper squares and Bingo writes numbers on them before sticking them on doors. Bluey removes the washing from a washing basket and places is upside-down at the top of the stairs. Bingo stands next to her. Bandit then walks up the stairs with a cloud bag, whistling.
Bluey: Oh, Bingo, we have a guest!
Bingo: I want to be a crazy pillow!
Bluey: No, you're the crazy hotel helper.
Bingo: Aw...
Scene: Bandit arrives at the top of the stairs.
Bandit: Hello!
Bluey: No, Dad, you have to push the bell.
Bandit: Oh, ok.
Scene: Bandit presses the top of Bingo's head.
Bingo: DIIIING!!
Scene: Bluey and Bandit recoil.
Bandit: Ahhh!! I might just fix that bell's volume.
Scene: Bandit fixes Bingo.
Bandit: There. Let's try again.
Scene: Bandit again presses the top of Bingo's head.
Bingo: Ding!
Bandit: That's better.
Bluey: Hello, how are you? We are very nice.
Bandit: I'm good. I'd like a room, please.
Bluey: Oh yes, we have some rooms.
Bandit: One with a TV.
Bluey: Oh yes, sure. This way, please.
Scene: Bluey indicates behind her. Bandit walks in that direction.
Bandit: Thank you!
Bluey: Bingo, grab his suitcase.
Bingo: No, my name is Slobberdobber.
Bluey: Oh yes. Grab his suitcase, Slobberdobber.
Scene: Cut to Bluey leading Bandit through the halls. The doors have consecutive numbers stuck to them. Bingo is slowly falling behind, dragging the cloud bag behind her.
Bandit: I have an important cleaning job to do in the morning, so it's very important that I am not disturbed.
Bluey: Oh, of course.
Scene: Bluey opens the door on the kids' room.
Bluey: We have this lovely room. It has the sleepy bunny night-light and some toys.
Bandit: Hmm, no thanks.
Scene: Bluey and Bandit leave the kids' room and enter the study.
Bluey: We also have this room.
Bandit: Hmm, maybe too many computers and not enough beds.
Scene: Bluey and Bandit leave that room and come to a door labelled 6.
Bluey: And we have this room.
Scene: She opens the door to reveal Bingo sitting on the toilet with the cloud bag.
Bingo: Hey! Do you mind?
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Bandit: Oh, no. Too stinky.
Scene: Bluey leads Bandit into the parents' room.
Bluey: And this is the big room. It has a bed, and a TV. Oh, and there's a lady in the shower. Is that ok?
Scene: Bandit tests the bed before getting into it.
Bandit: This will do nicely. Goodnight!
Scene: Bandit pretends to fall asleep and snore, but quickly stops.
Bandit: Hmm. This pillow isn't very comfy.
Bluey: Yes it is.
Bandit: Oh, ok.
Scene: He returns to his snoring. Bluey quietly goes to leave, but Bingo suddenly and loudly enters, waking Bandit up.
Bingo: Yarp! Yarp! Yarp!
Bluey: Crazy helper!
Scene: Bluey picks up Bingo, covering her mouth as she carries her out of the room with the cloud bag lying on the ground.
Bluey: Ok, see you in the morning, sir.
Bandit: Yes, please see that I am not disturbed until then.
Bluey: Oh, of course. My helper won't be crazy at all.
Bandit: Oh, I'm sure she won't.
Scene: Suddenly, Bingo runs back in.
Bingo: Yaaarp!
Scene: Bluey runs in after her and covers her mouth again, closing the door quietly. Bandit continues to sleep for a bit, until Bingo again bursts in - this time with a party horn and a broom.
Bingo: (blows horn) Me tidy room now!
Bandit: What?
Scene: Bingo pulls the sheet of Bandit's bed.
Bingo: Ya ya ya, yaaaaaa!
Scene: Bingo continues yelling and brandishing her broom as Bluey calmly walks in.
Bluey: Oh, Slobberdobber! I am terribly sorry about this, sir.
Bandit: Well I should say so! I have a very important meeting in the morning.
Scene: Bluey picks up Bingo and again carries her out of the room.
Bingo: Do you need a crazy pillow??
Bluey: No, he doesn't.
Scene: Bingo continues yelling as she's carried out.
Bluey: This is very embarrassing. It won't happen again.
Bandit: Well please see that it doesn't.
Scene: Bluey leaves the room and closes the door, leaving Bandit alone. He goes to sleep again but Bingo immediately returns, banging a wooden spoon against a cooking pot.
Bingo: Breakfast time!
Bandit: Who, wha..? What?
Bingo: (walking up to Bandit) Breakfast time! Who wants bacon?!
Bandit: But it's the middle of the night!
Bingo: Who wants night bacon?!!
Scene: Bluey runs back in.
Bluey: Slobberdobber! I'm so sorry, sir. This won't happen again.
Bingo: Supper!!
Scene: Bluey puts Bingo away from Bandit.
Bandit: Well, night bacon does sound pretty good, actually. As long as I'm up, I might as well watch the news.
Bluey: Yeah, the news!
Scene: Bluey runs to the foot of the bed. Bingo follows sadly.
Bingo: Bluey, can I be crazy pillow now?
Bluey: Come on, Bingo.
Scene: Bingo groans as assumes her place at the foot of the bed.
Bluey: Try the TV again!
Bandit: (miming a TV remote) Ok. Click!
Scene: A news theme starts playing as Bingo pops up at the foot of the bas as a TV presenter.
Bingo: Oh, hello. I am the TV. Today on the news...
Scene: Bluey pops up next to her.
Bluey: A wild storm keeps banging people's heads into the bed!
Scene: Bluey starts pushing Bingo's head into the bed as she giggles.
Bluey: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Scene: Bingo escapes and picks up Bluey.
Bingo: Cartoons are on!
Scene: 'Bluey moves Bingo back into her original position.
Bluey: Now, back to the news. We have thunder!
Scene: Bluey starts waving Bingo from side to side as she continues giggling. Bandit looks on.
Bluey: Boom! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Scene: Bingo pushes back, stopping Bluey from moving her.
Bingo: Bluey, I want to be a crazy pillow.
Bluey: No, you're the news.
Scene: Bingo grunts in frustration. Bluey resumes waving her around.
Bluey: And lightning! Brrr, boom!
Scene: Bingo pushes Bluey away.
Bingo: No. I'm not playing. You're bossing me around.
Scene: Bingo runs out of the room angrily as Bandit looks on, worried.
Bluey: Slobberdobber, come back this instant!
Bandit: Ah, TV. Always people shouting at each other. Click!
Scene: The news music stops. Bandit gets off the bed.
Bandit: Alright, kid, I gotta get back to making the bed.
Bluey: No, Dad, wait! Don't stop! You have to keep playing! We're not finished hotels!
Bandit: Well, you better sort it out with Bingo, kiddo. You have to let her make some decisions too, you know.
Bluey: Ok.
Scene: Bluey runs out, then back in.
Bluey: Don't start tidying.
Scene: In the kids' room, Bingo is lying on her bed. Bluey runs in.
Bluey: Please, Bingo, you have to keep playing or Dad will stop playing.
Bingo: I don't wanna play anymore.
Bluey: Please?
Bingo: No!
Bluey: Please?
Bingo: No!
Bluey: Please, Bingo, I'll do anything!
Bingo: No!
Scene: Bluey looks down sadly.
Bluey: Ok...
Scene: Bluey goes to leave the room when Bingo sits up.
Bingo: Alright, I'll play.
Bluey: Really? Yeah!
Bingo: But I wanna be a crazy pillow.
Bluey: Ok.
Bingo: Yeah! Crazy pillow!
Scene: Bandit has just finished making the bed when Bluey walks back in, carrying Bingo like a pillow.
Bluey: Hello, sir. I have a new pillow here for you.
Bandit: Oh, thank you!
Scene: Bandit gets onto the bed.
Bluey: Don't worry, it's not a crazy pillow.
Bandit: Well, that's a plus.
Scene: He puts his head on Bingo like a pillow.
Bandit: My oh my, this is very comfortable and not wriggly at all. Ok, well, I best go to sleep now. Night.
Scene: He goes back to his snoring. Bingo giggles and tickles his nose. Bandit wakes up and Bingo quickly pretends to be a pillow again.
Bandit: Uh, ohh, ooh, ah! Tickly nose. Hmm, that's odd.
Scene: Bandit goes back to snoring, but Bingo giggles again and crawls away from him, waking him up.
Bandit: Hey! Pillow! Get back here!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo both start giggling. Bandit puts Bingo back as his pillow
Bandit: Now stay there, pillow. And where's my blanket? Ah, there it is!
Scene: He picks up Bluey, using her as a blanket.
Bandit: Ah, that's better.
Scene: He goes back to snoring.
Bluey: Tickle him!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo begin tickling Bandit.
Bandit: Ahh! Hey, wait a minute! (laughs) Hey, this is a crazy pillow!
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: And I'm a crazy blanket!
Scene: They both jump off the bed and run away from Bandit.
Bandit: Aah! Runaway bedstuff! Stop!
Scene: Bandit throws the pillows at Bluey and Bingo.
Bandit: I'll catch you with my net!
Scene: He throws the bedsheet at them, and they run out of the room.
Bandit: I'm coming to gat you! Stop!!
Scene: Bandit runs out of the room too, leaving a mess of all the previous things - the cloud bag, party horn, broom, wooden spoon, pot, pillows, and sheet. After a brief pause, Chilli exits the ensuite with a towel on her head and starts at the messy, empty scene before her.
Chilli: I thought you were gonna clean the room.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the episode's soundtrack - a bright tune with violin. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the window of a hospital room.  The windowsill has some get well soon cards - one with a fairy bread godmother, one with googley-eyed bandages, and one with a teddy bear wearing a bandage.  Beside the window is a mylar heart baloon and a bouquet of flowers.
Scene: The shot changes.  It is now centered on Bingo, sitting on a hospital bed.  Behind the head of the bed is a large picture of tropical fish.  A tablet is sitting on the foot of the bed.  Chilli sits at her bedside, and a doctor is holding a stethoscope on Bingo's back.
Doctor: Okay, take a big breath in for me, Bingo.
Scene: Bingo takes a deep breath.
Doctor: Ooh, that was a big one.
Bingo: (whispering to Chilli) Can you ask her if I can go home?
Chilli: Do you think we can go home soon, Doctor?
Scene: The doctor makes a note on Bingo's chart.
Doctor: We might just keep you in for another night, Bingo, just to keep an eye on you.
Scene: The doctor leaves.  Bingo hugs her own knees.
Bingo: I wanna go home.
Chilli: (sighs) I know, kid.
Scene: Chilli pats Bingo's back.
Chilli: Me too.
Bingo: It's not fair.
Chilli: Yeah, I guess it isn't.  But here we are.
Scene: The tablet chimes.
Chilli: Oh, look.
Scene: Chilli picks up the tablet.
Chilli: Dad sent us a message.
Scene: Chilli swipes to open the message.  The tablet chimes again.
Scene: Chilli It's a video!
Bingo: Can I push play?
Scene: Chilli Yeah. Go on.
Scene: The shot changes to show the tablet from Bingo's perspective.  Bingo taps the play button.  The episode title card appears, framed in the tablet.
Bluey: [voiceover] This story is called Bumpy and the Wise Old Wolfhound.
Scene: The tablet cuts to a blurry shot of Bluey wearing purple underpants.  The shot zooms back, and the shot goes in and out of focus as the camera adjusts automatically.  Bluey is standing in front of the front steps of the Heeler house.
Bluey: Hi! I'm Barnicus.
Scene: The shot changes to Bingo and Chilli in the hospital.
Bingo: It's Bluey!
Chilli: Yeah!
Bingo: (giggles)
Chilli: Why is she wearing purple underpants?
Scene: The shot changes to show the tablet again.
Bluey: [voiceover] Once, there was a young lady called Barnicus.
Scene: Bluey pulls up the waistband of her underpants.
Scene: The shot changes to Bingo and Chilli in the hospital.
Bingo: (giggles) Barnicus!
Scene: The shot changes back to the tablet.  The camera zooms in until the video fills the frame.
Bluey: [voiceover] What Barnicus wanted more than anything in the world was a puppy!
Bluey: (as Barnicus) I really want a puppy!
Scene: The scene changes to the playroom.  Bandit (who is also wearing purple underpants) is sitting at the counter of a produce stand.  Bluey enters, carrying a shopping basket.  Both of them are staring at the camera and smiling unnaturally.
Bluey: [voiceover] All day, she would say the same thing.
Scene: Bluey, who is looking at the camera instead of where she's walking, bumps into the produce stand.
Bandit: (woodenly, as Shopkeeper)  Here's... your carrots... Barnicus.
Scene: Bandit sets a pair of wooden carrots on the counter.  Bluey picks one up and considers it.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) These carrots are nice, but what I really want is my very own puppy.
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) Maybe you should wish upon a star!
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Okay.
Scene: With a star wipe, the scene changes to Bluey in front of a blue sheet with stars.  A Christmas ornament star hangs from a string, swaying.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, twinkly star, please may I have a puppy?
Scene: Something wooden clatters to the floor offscreen.  Half of the backdrop droops, revealing Bandit, who is holding the broomstick that suspends the star.
Bandit: Argh!
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey in her bed.  She pantomimes waking up and yawning.
Bluey: [voiceover] And then the next morning, she woke up...
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, my wish came true!
Scene: Bluey points, and the camera pans over.  Socks is struggling at the foot of the bed, and we can see Stripe's arms as he tries to hold her still.
Socks: (snarls)
Bluey: (as Barnicus) My very own puppy!
Scene: Socks bites Stripe on the hand.
Stripe: Arghh--
Scene: The camera beeps, cutting off the scene mid-yell.  Now Bluey is holding Socks, who is happily eating a chocolate chip cookie out of Stripe's hand.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) I will call you Bumpy.
Scene: The shot changes to Bingo and Chilli in the hospital.  A nurse is taking Bingo's blood pressure, and watching the tablet over her shoulder.
Bingo: Hee hee, Bumpy!
Nurse: Why is everyone wearing purple pants?
Scene: The shot changes back to the produce stand.  Bluey is dragging a struggling Socks on a leash.
Bluey: [voiceover] Barnicus and Bumpy went everywhere together.
Socks: (snarls)
Bluey: (as Barnicus) I'll have some carrots, please, shopkeeper. Bumpy loves carrots.
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) Oh, yes. What a lovely --
Scene: Socks darts forward and bites Bandit on the ankle.
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) puppy!  Ow!  So gentle and mild!  Owww!
Scene: The camera falls on its side as Stripe drops it and enters the frame to break up Socks and Bandit.
Stripe: Cut! Stop it!
Scene: The shot changes to Bingo, Chilli, and the nurse in the hospital.
All: (laugh)
Bandit: (from tablet) Owww!
Scene: The shot changes to Bluey and Stripe skipping through a field.
Bluey: [voiceover] Barnicus was finally happy.
Scene: Socks' eyes widen, then she stops moving.  She squats.
Socks: (grunting) Hueah!
Scene: Socks pans out of frame as the camera continues following Bluey.  Just as Bluey notices what's going on behind her, the scene cuts.
Scene: The shot changes to Bluey in her bed, and again she pantomimes waking up and yawning.
Bluey: [voiceover] Then, one day, Barnicus woke up to discover that Bumpy was very sick.
Scene: Bluey puts her hands to her face in shock.  The camera pans to show Socks, panting happily and covered in colorful dots.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, no! Bumpy's sick!
Scene: The scene transitions with a clock wipe.  Still on Bluey's bed, Bluey is sadly patting Socks, who is chewing on her own leg.  Outside the window, Bandit is holding a piece of cardboard with a sunny sky painted on it, and Muffin holds a piece of cardboard with a moonlight night sky.  They shuffle past the window one after the other to show the passage of time.
Bluey: [voiceover] Lots of days and nights went by, but Bumpy wasn't getting better.
Scene: Muffin trips, dropping her cardboard.  Bandit peers over the top of his cardboard, looking a bit concerned.  The shot changes to show just Bluey and Socks, who is now chewing on her elbow.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) It's not fair.
Scene: The scene changes to the back yard.  Lucky is fishing in a wading pool with a magnetic fishing toy.  He's wearing purple underpants.  Bluey carries Socks (who is now tightly swaddled in a blanket) into the shot.
Bluey: [voiceover] Barnicus wandered around looking for help...
Scene: Lucky looks at Socks, and shakes his head sadly.
Scene: The scene cuts to Mackenzie, who is wearing purple underpants and hammering on the fence with an inflatable hammer.
Bluey: [voiceover] ...but no one knew how to fix Socks --
Scene: Mackenzie looks at socks, and shrugs and shakes his head.
Bluey: [voiceover]  --Oh, I mean Bumpy.
Scene: The scene cuts to the produce stand again.  The shopkeeper's leg is covered in colorful bandages.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Shopkeeper, please can you help Bumpy?
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) Sorry, I only know how to sell carrots.
Scene: Bandit holds up a wooden carrot to illustrate.
Scene: The scene transitions with a comb wipe.  At the base of the stairs in the green living room, Muffin is standing on a cushion.  She's wearing a chef's toque and is stirring the contents of a wide china vase with a wooden spoon.  She is also wearing purple underpants.  The china vase wobbles as Muffin stirs.
Bluey: [voiceover]  Finally, she asked the baker.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hospital.  The nurse is gone.
Chilli: Oh, no, Muffin. That's my good vase.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Muffin.  Bluey enters carrying Socks, who is still swaddled.  Muffin waves.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) Hi, Bluey. Did you want pancakes?
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bingo.
Bingo: (giggles) Muffin, her name is Barnicus!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Muffin.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) Why doon't...  um...
Scene: The camera beeps, and Stripe appears behind Muffin.  Bluey looks bored, and Socks is asleep.
Stripe: (whispering) Why don't you try the Wise Old Wolfhound, Barnicus?
Scene: The camera beeps again, and Stripe is gone.  Bluey and Socks are alert again.  Muffin, however, is staring at someone behind her.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) Why don't you try the Wise Old Wolfhound, Bluey?
Stripe: (whispering from off camera) Barnicus!
Muffin: (confused) I mean, Barnicus...?
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, yes, of course! Thanks, baker lady!
Scene: Bluey runs off with Socks.  Muffin puts down the spoon and approaches the camera.
Muffin: Was that all right, Dad?
Scene: The camera beeps, and Muffin is back on the cushion.  She waves with the wooden spoon, knocking over the vase.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) Good luck, Bluey!
Scene: The vase breaks.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hospital.
Bingo: (giggles)
Scene: Chilli puts her head in her hands.
Chilli: Oh, Muffin!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Muffin, who is staring at the remains of the vase.  After a moment, Bandit leans into the frame.
Bandit: We can edit that bit out, right?
Scene: The camera beeps, and the scene cuts back Bluey, who is running across the back yard carrying Socks.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Don't worry, Bumpy. The Wise Old Wolfhound will be able to magic you better.
Bluey reaches her destination: a tent.  The tent has been decorated with stars and flags. The salt lamp, a crystal ball, and a geode have been set in front of it as magical artifacts.
Scene: Bluey enters the tent.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) (gasps)
Scene: Inside the tent is Trixie.  She's sitting in lotus position, wearing a flower crown and a bathrobe, which she is wearing over one shoulder in imitation of a Buddhist monk's robe.  She is in a spotlight.  She opens her eyes and waves to Bluey - as she does so, a psychedelic filter is applied to the video.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bingo.
Bingo: Hee hee! It's Aunt Trixie!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the tent.  A C.H. monogram is sometimes visible on Trixie's bathrobe.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, Wise Old Wolfhound, Bumpy is sick!
Scene: Bluey puts Socks down on the floor, and sits down cross-legged.
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Oh, poor little fella.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) It's not fair! Please, can you help him?
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) I am not a puppy doctor.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Please, can you magic him better?
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Magic?
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Please, please, please!
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Okay, little one.  Perhaps there is a way I can help.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, wonderful!
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Bring me a pair of purple underpants.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Okay!
Scene: Without hesitation, Bluey stands and takes off her underpants.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hospital.  The nurse is watching over Bingo's shoulder again.
Bingo: (giggles)
Chilli: Ah.
Chilli and Nurse: Now it's making sense.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the Wise Old Wolfhound's tent.
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Whoa! I'm not finished. I need a pair of purple underpants from someone who's never been sick.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Never been sick?
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Never been sick.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh.
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Have you ever been sick?
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, yes. I had a runny nose last year.
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Well, it will have to be someone else's purple underpants, I'm afraid.
Scene: Bluey puts her underpants back on.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) No problems! I'll get some from someone in town.
Scene: Bluey picks up Socks and runs out.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) We'll be right back!
Trixie: (as Wise Old Wolfhound) Good luck, Barnicus!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the produce stand.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Shopkeeper, shopkeeper! The wise old Wolfhound's gonna help my puppy! I just need a pair of purple pants.
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) Sure! I'll give you anything if it helps Bumpy.
Scene: Bandit stands up and yanks down his underwear.
Scene: The scene cuts to the hospital.
Bingo: (giggles)
Chilli and Nurse: Ewww!
Chilli: Oh, dear.
Scene: The scene cuts to the produce stand.  Bandit hands Bluey his underpants.
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) There you go.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Thanks.
Scene: Bluey takes the underpants and turns to leave.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Wait. I forgot to ask. Have you ever been sick?
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) Sick? Oh. Well, yes. I've got --
Scene: The camera suddenly zooms in on Bandit's face as a dramatic music sting plays.
Bandit: (as Shopkeeper) -- bum worms.
Scene: The scene cuts to the hospital.
Bingo: (gasps)
Chilli: Ewww!
Nurse: (laughs)
Chilli: Good grief!
Bingo: She can't use those pants.
Scene: The scene cuts to the produce stand.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, okay.  Thanks anyway.
Scene: Bluey returns Bandit's underpants.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) I'll have to try someone else.
Bingo: (as Shopkeeper) Good luck!
Stripe: (offscreen) And cut.
Scene: Bandit hurriedly scratches his bum.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Muffin as the baker lady.  The vase has been replaced with an upside-down hat.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Baker lady, have you ever been sick?
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) Yes.  I was sick yast lear.
Scene: The camera beeps.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) I was sick yast lear.
Scene: The camera beeps.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) I was sick last week.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) I had wabies.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hospital.
Nurse: (laughs)
Chilli: (laughing) What?
Scene: The scene cuts back to Muffin, Bluey, and Socks.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Okay, no.
Scene: Muffin scratches her bum while making direct eye contact with the camera.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) I can't use your purple pants. Thanks, baker lady.
Muffin: (as Baker Lady) Bye, Bluey!
Bluey: (offscreen) Barnicus!
Scene: The scene cuts to Lucky fishing.  Bluey says something, and he shakes his head.
Bluey: [voiceover] Barnicus kept trying.
Scene: The scene cuts to Mackenzie.  Bluey says something, and he shakes his head.
Bluey: [voiceover] But she couldn't find a single person...
Scene: The scene cuts to the front steps.  Bluey sadly sits down on the stairs, holding Socks.
Bluey: [voiceover] ... that's never been sick.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Oh, I can't find a single pair of purple pants from someone who's never been sick. It's not fair.
Scene: Bluey gasps theatrically.
Bluey: [voiceover] And then... Barnicus realized what the wise old Wolfhound was trying to teach her.
Bluey: (as Barnicus) Ohh.  Everyone gets sick sometimes, not just Bumpy.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hospital.  The nurse is gone.
Bluey: (from the tablet) Being sick is just a part of life.
Chilli: (sniffles)
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey's bed.  She pats Socks' head; and Socks chews on her own leg again.  Muffin is outside the window, holding up the night drawing.
Bluey: [voiceover] So from then on, Barnicus stopped thinking that it wasn't fair that Bumpy was sick.
Scene: Bluey hugs Socks, who stops chewing on her leg to lean into it.
Scene: The scene cuts to later on Bluey's bed.  Now Bandit is holding up the daytime drawing.  Bluey is reading a picture book to Socks, who is paying attention.
Bluey: [voiceover] She read books to Bumpy...
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey's bed. Muffin is holding up the night drawing again.  Bluey is drawing with markers.  Muffin is chewing on a piece of paper.
Bluey: [voiceover] ... did coloring in...
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey's bed. Bandit is holding up the day drawing again.  Both Bluey and Muffin are watching something on a tablet.
Bluey: [voiceover] ...and watched cartoons together.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey's bed.  Bluey pantomimes waking up.
Bluey: [voiceover] Until one morning, she awoke...
Scene: Uncle Stripe's hands are briefly visible as he tosses Socks into Bluey's lap.  Socks no longer has spots.
Bluey: [voiceover] ...to find Bumpy all better!
Socks: (yips happily)
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hospital.  The nurse is back.
Chilli, Bingo, and Nurse: Hooray!
Bingo: (squeals)
Chilli: Yeah!
The scene cuts to the front of the house.  Everyone involved in the video is lined up, from left to right: Lucky, Mackenzie, Trixie, Bandit, Stripe, Bluey, Socks, and Muffin.  Bluey is awkwardly holding Socks.  Most of the characters link hands, hold them high, and bow (as the cast of a stage play does).  Bluey and Muffin cannot, because Bluey's hands are full; they awkwardly half-bow instead.
Scene: Everyone but Bluey and Socks waves.
'All: See you tomorrow, Bingo!
Scene: Socks squirms free of Bluey's grasp, and bites Bandit on the ankle.
Bandit: Owww!
Scene: Bandit falls over.  He struggles free for a moment.
Bandit: (laughing) Socks!
Scene: Socks bites Bandit on the bum.  Everyone but Bluey and Muffin starts to laugh.  Bluey looks worried  She takes a step back, and knocks Muffin's toque over her eyes. Muffin stumbles around blindly.  Stripe grabs Socks by the legs and tries to pull her off Bandit.
Bandit: Ow!
Stripe: Careful, Socks, he's got bum worms!
Scene: Muffin stumbles into Bluey and falls down.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the hospital.
Chilli, Bingo, and Nurse: (laugh)
Bingo: Again!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The music during the credits is the full arrangement of the episode music with strings and voice that plays after Bumpy gets better.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a first-person shot from Bandits's perspective as he opens his eyes.  He sees Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo right in front of him.  He awakes with a jerk.
Bandit: (snorts) Aaah!
Scene: The shot cuts to a third person view.  Bandit is lying in bed, with Chilli standing beside him and Bluey and Bingo sitting on the bed.
Chilli, Bluey, Bingo: Happy Birthday!
Bandit: Oh, wow.  Thanks, girls!
Bluey: Uh-uh! Down, down.  Stay.
Bingo: We're going to make you breakfast in bed.
Scene: The girls climb down off the bed.
Bandit: Oh, great! Uh... Just a friendly question...
Chilli: Don't worry, it won't take long.
Bandit: Oh, thanks.
Chilli: Because we know how you get when you're hungry.
Scene: Chilli exits.
Bluey: Cranky.
Scene: Bluey exits.
Bingo: Stay.
Scene: Cut to the kitchen. Bluey and Chilli enter, followed by Bingo.
Chilli: Alright, here's the plan: I'll make Dad an omelette, Bluey, you set the brekkie tray, and Bingo, you make the birthday card. Quickly!
Scene: We don't want Dad getting hungry.
Bluey and Bingo: Okay!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off.  Chilli puts on an apron.
Chilli: Okay, super-quick omelette.
Scene: Chilli waggles her fingers.
Chilli: My specialty. Oh!
Scene: Chilli takes a step back, Bingo has appeared right in front of her.
Chilli: Hi, Bingo.
Bingo: Hi.
Chilli: Are... you going to get started
Scene: on the birthday card?
Scene: Bingo holds up a card.
Bingo: I already made one at kindy.
Scene: Cut to a close up of Bingo holding up the card.  It shows Bandit driving the car.
Chilli: Oh! That's lovely!
Scene: Cut back to the wider shot.
Bingo: I want to help you make the omelette.
Chilli: (dismayed) Oh. That's...lovely.
Scene: The title card shows a burnt omelette with bits of shell in it.
Bingo: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Omelette.
Scene: Cut back to the kitchen.  Chilli and Bingo are standing at the counter; Bingo is standing on the step stool.
Bingo: What do we do first?
Chilli: Well, first we need some eggs.
Bingo: Ooh, no, I can get them!
Chilli: Oh, okay.
Scene: Bingo starts shoving the wooden step stool across the floor.  It makes a loud scraping sound.  Chilli covers her ears.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo! That's awfully loud, honey!
Scene: Bingo pushes the stool all the way up against the freezer, walks up the steps, and opens the refrigerator.
Bingo: Come here, eggies!
Scene: Bingo removes a topless carton of eggs from the fridge. She knocks a stalk of celery onto the floor.
Bingo: Not you, celery!
Chilli: I'll get that.
Scene: Chilli picks the celery up and puts it back in the fridge.  She closes the door
Scene: Bingo climbs down from the stool.  She's holding the carton of eggs by the very end, and it bends dangerously.
Chilli: Oh. Uh. Do you want me to carry those for you?
Scene: The carton bends further.
Scene: Bingo No! It's okay.  I'm almost there!
Scene: Two of the six eggs fall out of the carton and break on the floor.
Bingo: Oops!
Chilli: It's okay! I'll clean it up.
Scene: Chilli gets a roll of paper towels.
Bingo: No, I can do it!
Chilli: Okay.  Here's the paper towels.
Scene: She hands the paper towels to Bingo.
Bingo: (giggles) and... hup!
Scene: Bingo throws the roll of paper towels out the window, unrolling a streamer of towels behind it.  She reels in a dozen or so paper towels.
Chilli: I'll make a start on the omelette, honey. I'll just crack the eggs.
Scene: Bingo has arranged the towels into a pile on top of the eggs.
Bingo: Can I help crack the eggies?
Chilli: Um... Sure, honey. How about I sort this out and you get started on the eggs?
Scene: Chilli takes over the pile of paper towels.
Chilli: Grab a silver bowl from the cupboard.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo runs off, and Chilli starts to clean up the eggs.  A moment later, a loud crash sounds from offscreen.
Chilli: (yelps)
Scene: A bowl rolls into the shot and spins around on its rim.
Scene: Cut to a wider shot showing Bingo surrounded by pots and pans.  She's holding up a silver mixing bowl.
Bingo: Is this one okay?
Scene: Chilli smiles.
Scene: Cut to Bandit in bed.  He's rapidly flipping through a surfing magazine.  He winces.
Bandit: Oh, man.  I'm getting hungry.
Scene: Cut to the dining room.  Bluey hums as she puts salt and pepper shakers on the breakfast tray.
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  Bingo climbs the step stool and puts the silver bowl on the counter.
Bingo: How many eggs are in an omelette?
Scene: Chilli is stacking bowls back in the cupboard.
Chilli: Um... Three or four.
Bandit: (yelling from offscreen) I'm hungry!
Chilli: Better make it four.
Scene: Bingo counts out the eggs, laying each one on the counter, where they slowly roll away.
Bingo: One.  Two.  Three.
Chilli: Come on Bingo, bit quicker.
Bingo: Four--
Scene: Bingo notices her eggs are about to roll off the counter.
Bingo: Oh, no!
Scene: Bingo grabs the silver bowl and climbs down the steps.  She runs to the end of the counter, and uses the bowl to catch the eggs.'
Bingo: Agh!  One!
Scene: She leaps to the right to catch the second egg.
Bingo: Ee!  Two!
Scene: And back to the left for the third egg.
Bingo: Agh! Three!
Scene: She looks around.
Bingo: Hey, where's four?
Scene: Chilli closes the cabinet and gets up.'
Chilli: Done.  How are the eggs doing, Bingo?
Scene: The fourth egg rolls off the side of the counter instead of the end, cracking at Chilli's feet.
Chilli: Ooh!
Bingo: There's four!
Scene: Cut to the bedroom.
Bandit: Hello?! Is brekkie almost ready?!
Scene: Cut back to the kitchen. Chilli is wiping up the egg.
Chilli: It's coming!
Scene: Chilli stands up and claps her hands together.
Chilli: Okay, birthday boy's getting cranky. Let's get cracking, Bingo. Ha! Get it? Cracking!
Scene: Bingo giggles, then smacks her egg down on the side of the silver bowl.  The egg doesn't break, but the force of the blow launches the bowl off the table.  The shot pulls back to show Bluey walking across the kitchen with a carton of orange juice.  The bowl hits the orange juice, knocking Bluey over and spilling orange juice on the floor in front of the fridge.
Bluey: (yelps)
Scene: Chilli Ohmygoodness!
Bingo: Sorry, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey sits up.
Bluey: It's okay, I'll clean it up.
Scene: The shot cuts back to show just Chilli and Bingo at the counter.
Chilli: Thanks, Bluey.
Scene: Chilli holds the bowl in place for Bingo.
Chilli: Okay, try again, honey.
Bluey: (offscreen) Agh!
Scene: A roll of paper towels soars over Chilli's head, bouncing off the wall.
Chilli: I'll just hold it for you.
Scene: Bingo repeatedly taps the egg on the edge of the bowl.
Chilli: A bit harder, honey.
Scene: Bingo taps the egg slightly harder.
Chilli: Give it a good whack.
Bingo: Rrrah!
Scene: Bingo winds up and smashes the egg on the edge of the silver bowl.  Yolk and albumen splatter the bowl, countertop, Chilli, and Bingo.
Bingo: (giggles)
Chilli: That's too hard.
Scene: Bingo drops the eggshells into the bowl.
Chilli: Oh, uh... No, honey, the shells don't go in.
Scene: Chilli removes the eggshells.  She hands Bingo a new egg.
Chilli: Let's try again.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo resumes tapping the egg lightly.
Scene: Chilli's phone rings.  Caller ID shows it's Bandit.  Chilli taps the button with her pinky.
Chilli: Hello?
Scene: Cut to the bedroom.
Bandit: Hi. Uh... Will breakfast be in my mouth soon?
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  Bingo is still tapping the egg.
Chilli: It's on its way!
Scene: Chilli holds the phone close to her mouth and turns away.
Chilli: (quietly) I'm just letting Bingo help me.
Scene: Bingo winds up for a big hit.
Scene: Cut to the bedroom.
Bandit: I don't want to complain, but--
Scene: A wet squelch is heard over the phone.
Chilli: (over the phone) Agh!
Bingo: (over the phone) Sorry!
Bandit: Was that my breakfast?!
Scene: Cut back to the kitchen.  Fresh egg drips from Bingo and Chilli's faces.
Bingo: That was a big one.
Chilli: I've got to go.
Scene: Chilli hangs up the phone.
Chilli: Bingo, I might handle the omelette, honey.
Bingo: Oh, you don't want my help?
Chilli: Um... I do, but it might be quicker if I do it.
Bingo: Oh. Okay.
Chilli: Why don't you help Bluey set the breakfast tray?
Bluey: I don't need help. I'm finished!
Bingo: Ohh.
Chilli: Well, um... Oh, look, Bingo - you could play with the salt and pepper soldiers. You love them.
Bingo: Okay, Mama.
Scene: Bingo sadly climbs down the step stool. Chilli watches sadly.  The phone rings, Chilli picks it up.
Chilli: (annoyed) It's coming!
Scene: Cut to inside the fridge.  Chilli opens the door, grabs the celery, and hands it to Bluey.
Chilli: Bluey, run this celery up to Dad.
Bluey: Yes, Mum!
Scene: As Bluey runs out, Chilli cracks her knuckles.
Chilli: Okay. Extra-super-quick omelette. Also my specialty.
Scene: In a montage, Chilli cooks an omelette.  She cracks eggs into a bowl and whisks them.  She melts butter in a frying pan, and pours the eggs on top.  She wipes up some spilled egg with a tea towel.
Scene: Cut to the bedroom.  Bandit devours the celery while Bluey backs away slowly.
Scene: Cut back to the kitchen.  Chilli turns a perfect omelette out onto a plate.
Chilli: Alright, omelette: done.
Bingo: (offscreen) (as pepper soldier) Where are you going?
Scene: Cut to show Bingo playing with the salt and pepper soldiers in the dining room.
Bingo: (as salt soldier) I'm off to guard the queen. That's my job.
Bingo: (as pepper soldier) Ooh. I'll come too.
Bingo: (as salt soldier) No, you can't guard the queen.
Bingo: (as pepper soldier) Why not?
Bingo: (as salt soldier) You're not good at it.
Bingo: (as pepper soldier) I am. Really, I am.
Bingo: (as salt soldier) No. You better stay at home.
Bingo: (as pepper soldier) But I'm a guard just like you.
Bingo: (as salt soldier) Yes, but you're not a proper guard like me.
Bingo: (as pepper soldier) Oh. OK then.
Bingo: (as salt soldier) Bye!
Bingo: (as pepper soldier) Bye!
Scene: Bingo walks the salt soldier over to the breakfast tray.
Bingo: Doo, doo-doo, doo.
Bingo: (as salt soldier) (addressing the orange juice) Hello, Queen.
Bingo: (as Queen Orange Juice) Oh, hello.
Scene: Cut back to Chilli in  the kitchen, who has been watching this whole exchange.  Her phone rings.  She answers.
Chilli: (imitating error message) The number you have dialed has been disconnected.
Bandit: (on phone) Hey, what?!
Chilli: Bingo, come here.
Scene: Bingo walks over and climbs up to the counter.
Chilli: I made an omelette for Dad, but... I didn't make it the right way.
Bingo: Really?
Chilli: Yeah. I need your help making another one.
Scene: Bingo perks up and wags her tail.
Bingo: Okay!
Scene: Bandit walks in, wearing a blanket as a cape.  Bluey is laying on the cape in a futile attempt to slow him down.
Bandit: (hoarsely) Is that an omelette I can smell?
Bingo and Chilli: Get back upstairs!
Bandit: (hoarsely) It is! Can I just...
Scene: Chilli threatens him with the whisk.
Chilli: No! This isn't for you.
Bingo: (giggles)
Bandit: (hoarsely)  Wha-? Well, who's it for?
Scene: Bluey starts to shove Bandit out of the room.
Bluey: You go, I'll take care of Dad.
Bandit: Please!
Bingo: (giggles)
Bandit: I need food!
Scene: Cut to the back yard.  Chilli is holding Bingo in one arm, and accepting a carton of half a dozen eggs from Pat across the back fence.
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  Bingo cracks an egg, getting half of it down the outside of the bowl.  She throws in the shell.  Bingo facepalms.
Scene: Cut to Bingo mixing the eggs with great speed and enthusiasm.  She gets so worked up she overturns the whole bowl.
Scene: Cut to the bedroom.  Bandit is sitting in the bed again . Bluey is standing with a pillow held menacingly.  She glares at Bandit.
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  Bingo cracks and egg and throws away the shell.
Scene: Cut to Bingo mixing eggs - this time, she only slops a little out of the bowl.
Scene: Cut to the stove - Chilli is holding out the frying pan, and Bingo tries to pour the bowl of eggs into it.  She misses.  Chilli lunges with the pan but only catches a few drops.
Scene: Cut to the side yard.  Chilli and Bingo borrow another half-dozen eggs from Wendy and Judo.
Scene: Cut to the bedroom.  Bluey is marching back and forth with her pillow.  Bandit tries to get out of bed, and she runs up and threatens him with the pillow.  Bandit grins sheepishly.
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  Bingo cracks and egg and gets the whole contents in the bowl.
Scene: Bingo mixes the eggs smoothly, and doesn't slop any out of the bowl.
Scene: She pours the eggs into the pan, and this time, they all go in.
Scene: Cut to the stove.  Chilli is holding the pan while Bingo attempts to flip the omelette with a spatula.  She accidentally turns it out onto the burner.  They both gasp. Chilli grabs it bare handed and tosses it back into the pan.  She gives Bingo a thumbs-up and they both smile.
Scene: Chilli turns the omelette out onto a plate.  It's burnt and has eggshells in it.  They both look at it proudly.
Scene: Cut to the bedroom.  Bandit is grasping weakly for the potted plant on the nightstand.
Bandit: Maybe...I could eat this...plant.
Scene: Bingo, Chilli, and Bluey enter.  Bingo is carrying the breakfast tray.
Bingo, Chilli, and Bluey: Happy birthday!
Scene: Bandit spins around on the bed.
Bandit: Is that food?!
Chilli: Sure is!
Scene: Chilli raises up the tray while Bingo is still holding it.
Bingo: I made you an omelette.
Bandit: Give it here!
Scene: Bandit snatches the tray.  Bluey and Bingo flinch back.
Bingo, Chilli, and Bluey: (yelp)
Scene: Bandit picks up the omelette bare handed and starts to gobble.
Bandit: (munching loudly) NOM HOM!  AHM MNAM MNAM!
Chilli: Stand back, Bingo! You might lose a finger!
Bluey: Whoa!
Scene: Bingo hides the hand closest to Bandit.
Bandit: (munching loudly)  AHM MNAM MN MN!  OHM MNAM ONG! NYANG NYANG!
Scene: He finishes the last of the omelette and chugs the glass of orange juice.
Bandit: (chugging) Glug glug glug!
Bandit: (sighs) A-a-a-a-a-a-hh!
Scene: The girls relax.
Bingo: Did you like it?
Bandit: Bingo, I'm gonna be completely honest: That was the best omelette I've ever had in my life.
Bingo, Chilli, and Bluey: Hooray!
Bandit: Can I have another one?
Bingo: Yes!
Scene: Chilli reaches for the breakfast tray.
Chilli: Let me clean this away for you, birthday boy.
Scene: Bingo stops her.
Bingo: No, Mum, I can do it.
Chilli: Oh! Okay.  Thanks, Bingo.
Bluey: I'll help you!
Bingo: Thank you.
Scene: They each take one side of the tray and carry it out of the room.
Scene: Bandit picks something out of his teeth.
Bandit: I think there were a few eggshells in that omelette.
Chilli: Well, you can't make an omelette without breaking a few--
Scene: A loud thump and clatter sounds from offscreen.  Bandit and Chilli wince.
Bluey and Bingo: (offscreen) We'll clean it up!
Chilli: --eggs.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music continues through the credits.  Instead of Bluey dancing, the screen is blank for a few seconds, then an egg falls from the top of the screen and breaks.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler house. In the dining room, Bingo is acting out a song with her breakfast as she sings.
Bingo: ♫ I'm a digger, strong and tough. Beep, beep, beep, get out of my way! I need to dig the ground today. ♫
Scene: Bandit, who is sitting at the table with Bingo, yawns.
Bandit: What's today, kiddo?
Bingo: It's the weekend?
Bandit: That's right! How many games should we play?
Scene: Bingo extends her arms all the way.
Bingo: This many!
Bandit: Whoa, okay. That's doable.
Scene: Bluey walks in, holding an envelope with a claw toy.
Bluey: I've got a letter for you.
Bandit: Ah, thanks Bluey. What have we got here?
Scene: Bandit opens the envelope to find a toy drumstick.
Bluey: It's a drumstick.
Bandit: Oh, you beauty!
Scene: Bandit drums on the table, beatboxing. Bluey in Bingo join in, dancing.
Bingo [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called: The Weekend.
Scene: In the living room, the TV is showing a cricket match.
Commentator: Seventh for two-hundred seventy-nine...
Scene: In the sunroom, Bluey and Bingo are laughing while holding down Bandit.
Bluey: Don't let him get up!
Bingo: You're not getting up, ever!
Bluey: Stay on him! You're not going anywhere you wild beast!
Scene: Chilli walks through with a phone strapped to her arm.
Chilli: I'm just going for a run! I'll see you later.
Scene: Chilli walks off.
Bingo: Bye, Mum!
Bluey: See ya, Mum!
Bandit: Let me up!
Bingo: No, you're not getting up!
Bandit: I've got to give your mum a kiss. Oof!
Bluey: No smoochy kiss for you.
Bandit: Oh, no! Hang on, hang on! Shh, shh!
Scene: The kids stop for a moment as Bandit listens to the TV.
Commentator: Boyd is out, the first ball after...
Bandit: Okay, I've... I've actually gotta watch this.
Bingo: Get his legs! Get his legs!
Bluey: Noooo! Get his legs, Bingo!
Bandit: I just want to see this wicket.
Scene: Bandit carries his kids over to the living room, where he stands in front of the TV.
Bluey: Hey Bingo, you wanna play statues?
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo get themselves free of Bandit and run off.
Bandit: How is that LBW?
Scene: Cut to the stairs, where Bluey has set up a statue shop. Bingo is acting as a statue.
Bluey: Dad!
Bandit: (off screen) Coming!
Bluey: Dad!
Bandit: (off screen) Yeah, I'm coming!
Bluey: DAAAD!!!!
Scene: Bandit arrives.
Bandit: Okay, okay. Bonjour!
Bluey: Oh, hello, would you like to buy a statue?
Scene: Bingo wobbles.
Bandit: Ah, yes. I definitely would like to buy a statue. I— wait a minute. These aren't magic statues, are they?
Bluey: Oh, no. These aren't magic. These are just normal statues.
Bandit: Oh, good, 'cause I've been down that road before.
Scene: Bandit realises something.
Bandit: Whoop, pause the game.
Scene: He mimes pressing a button.
Bandit: Beep!
Scene: Cut to the bathroom.  Bandit sits on the toilet, fiddling with his phone.  Bluey leans on the wall, reading a book.  Bingo sings as she unrolls the toilet paper.
Bingo: ♫ Bilby's digging, bilby's digging, cockatoo, cockatoo... ♫
Bluey: Phwoar, it stinks!
Bandit: Well, you're welcome to wait outside, kiddo.
Scene: Cut back to the stairs. Bandit mimes pressing the button again.
Bandit: Boop! Unpause. Okay, I'd like that one please.
Bluey: 400 dollarydoos.
Scene: Bandit pretends to hand her some money.
Bandit: Thank you.
Bluey: Enjoy your statue!
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Scene: Bandit carries Bingo (who is still acting as a statue) to the entryway.
Bandit: Now, where am I gonna put this statue? Ah, yes, just here.
Scene: Bandit puts Bingo down near a table.
Bandit: Oh, I forgot my change.
Scene: Bandit walks off.
Bluey: (off screen) Hi!
Bandit: (off screen) I think I forgot my change.
Scene: Meanwhile, Bingo moves from near the table to on top of a chair, giggling.
Bluey: (off screen) Oh yes, sir, here you go.
Bandit: (off screen) Thank you, shopkeeper. I'll just get back to my statue...
Scene: Bandit walks over to where Bingo was.
Bandit: ...which I'm sure is right over here— What? What's it doing over here? I could've sworn I left it over there. Oh well. I guess I'll just put it back.
Scene: Bandit hums as he puts Bingo back. Bluey enters.
Bluey: Is everything okay?
Bandit: I think so. I could've sworn I left the statue here, but I found it over there.
Bluey: Well... you're probably just going crazy or something.
Bandit: Oh yes, probably.
Scene: Bingo runs out the door, which slams, getting Bandit's attention.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: Outside, Bingo walks down the front steps and resumes her statue pose next to the birdbath.
Bandit: (from inside) What's going on here? Where's my statue?
Scene: Bandit walks out towards Bingo, Bluey following.
Bandit: Hey, how did you get out here? There's definitely something weird going on.
Scene: Bingo blows a raspberry and freezes again.
Bandit: What?! Grrr! This is a magic statue! I knew it! You sold me magic statues!
Scene: Bluey runs off and Bandit begins chasing her around the house to the playroom, which Bluey runs into.
Bandit: You get back here! Grrr!
Scene: Bandit re-enters the entryway, looking for Bluey.
Bandit: Where are you, you little reprobates?
Scene: The doorbell rings.
Bandit: Oh, someone's at the door!
Scene: Outside, Bluey and Bingo stand on either side of the door, hiding. Bandit opens the door.
Bandit: Hello! Oh, what?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo begin giggling.
Bandit: That's strange... I thought someone rang the doorbell. Oh well, I'll just go back inside and carry on with my current tasks.
Scene: Bandit closes the door. Bluey and Bingo laugh as Bluey rushes over to where Bingo is to ring the doorbell again. She then rushes back before Bandit can open the door.
Bandit: Hello. Huh? What? That's twice, now, and there's no one here!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: Certainly a very strange occurrence.
Scene: Bandit closes the door again. Bluey and Bingo laugh some more.
Bingo: I want to do it!
Bluey: Okay, I'll help you.
Scene: Bluey goes over to Bingo to boost her up.
Bingo: Almost!
Scene: Bingo rings the doorbell, but falls on Bluey, stopping both from hiding before Bandit opens the door again.
Bandit: Hello! Yah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo scream.  Bandit chases them down the front steps.
Bandit: It was you kids all along! Where's my 400 dollarydoos??
Scene: Bandit chases Bluey off while Bingo runs to the side of the house.
Bluey: (off screen) Run, Bingo!
Bandit: (off screen) Heel! Heel!
Scene: Bingo trills as she runs by a mulberry bush, but stops when she sees something.
Bingo: Huh?
Scene: Bingo looks at the thing - a leaf insect on a branch.
Bingo: Is that a leaf? Are you a leaf? You look like a leaf...
Scene: The insect hops onto Bingo's nose.
Bingo: ...but you're walking! Are you a walking leaf? But... I don't understand. Why would a leaf want to walk? You should be in a tree, leaf.
Bingo: (urgent whisper) Daddy, come and see! Where are you going, walking leaf? Come here, Daddy, quickly!
Scene: In front of the house, Bandit is swinging Bluey around by her feet as she laughs.
Bandit: Give me back my dollarydoos!
Scene: Back by the bush, Bingo still has the insect on her nose.
Bingo: (urgent whisper) Daddy, come and see!
Scene: The leaf insect flies off.
Bingo: (whispering) Oh! Goodbye. Have fun... I'll miss you...
Scene: Back in front of the house, Chilli is back from her run.
Bluey: Mum!
Chilli: Where's my Bluey?
Scene: Bandit holds Bluey back as she tries to run to Chilli.
Bandit: Well, go on. Give your mum a hug. What are you waiting for?
Chilli: Oh, Dad.
Scene: Bandit releases Bluey.
Bandit: Oh, sorry.
Chilli: Where's your sister?
Scene: Bluey points to Bingo, who is waving goodbye to the insect.
Bluey: There she is.
Scene: A montage follows, showing lots of rainbow lorikeets sitting in a tree, Chilli removing prawn heads for dinner and talking while Bandit listens and Bluey and Bingo read the same book, Bluey in the bath washing Bandit's head while Bingo plays with a cup, Bluey and Bingo cleaning their teeth, and finally Bandit relaxing on the floor of the sunroom.
Bandit: Ahhh...
Scene: In the kids' bedroom, Chilli puts Bluey to bed.
Bluey: Is there more weekend tomorrow?
Chilli: There sure is.
Bluey: Hooray!
Chilli: Night, sweetie.
Scene: Chilli crosses to Bingo.
Chilli: Already tucked in, Bingo, you little star?
Scene: Bingo sniffs. Bluey hears this and sits up.
Chilli: (concerned): Oh... what's up?
Scene: In the sunroom, Bandit is still relaxing.
Bandit: Ahhh...
Chilli: (whispering from off screen) Psst. Honey, come up here.
Bandit: Yep, coming.
Scene: Back in the kids' room, Bluey is showing Bingo a doll to try and cheer her up.
Bluey: Oh, and she's got sushi shoes, and there's rice at the bottom to help the shoes stand up.
Scene: The doll promptly falls over.  Bandit enters and kneels down to Bingo's bedside. Chilli walks off to the door.
Bandit: Hey, Bingo.
Bingo: Daddy, you didn't come and see the walking leaf.
Bandit: Ah, I'm sorry. I didn't hear you.
Bingo: (voice cracks]) That's okay.
Bandit: The thing is, I don't know if you know this, but I bought this statue today, from a shop, and it turned out to be magic.
Bluey: Yeah! Every time he would put it somewhere, it would just keep running away.
Bandit: Yeah, and then I went to see the shopkeeper and tried to get my money back, but she kept running away.
Bluey: And he chased me all around the yard. I kept running away.
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Bandit: Yeah, and I didn't even get my 400 dollarydoos back. So I'm sorry.
Bingo: Daddy?
Scene: Bingo gestures for Bandit to come closer.  He leans in.
Bandit: Yeah?
Bingo: It was me!
Bandit: What?!
Bingo: I was the statue.
Bandit: What?
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bandit: You know what, I did think you looked a little bit familiar.
Scene: Bingo giggles again.
Bingo: Night.
Bandit: Night, Bingo.
Bluey: Night-night, Bingo!
Scene: Bandit walks over to Chilli, who leaves. Bandit is about to leave as well, but Bingo stops him.
Bingo: (whispers) Daddy?
Bandit: Yes, mate?
Scene: Bingo holds her hands a small distance apart.
Bingo: Just leaves the door open this much, so the leaf can come in.
Bandit: No worries, kiddo.
Scene: Bandit exits, closing the door most of the way, revealing a pattern of glowing stars on the wall.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the music heard when Bingo was with the leaf insect.  Instead of Bluey dancing, the leaf insect hops into frame and walks around a bit.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler's house at night.
Commentator: Welcome back to the decider.
Scene: The scene cuts to the deck, where the Heelers have set up a couch and projector.  The projector is displaying the pre-game of a rugby match on a sheet hung from the gutters - a promo graphic shows a Maroon player and a Bluey player standing back to back, arms folded.  Bluey and Bingo wobble the sheet around, distorting the image.  They giggle.
Commentator: It is winner take all tonight.
Scene: Lucky, Chucky, and Pat walk onto the deck.  Lucky and Pat are wearing maroon jerseys, and Pat carries a cooler.
Pat: Hey, Heelers.
Lucky, Chucky: G'day, girls.
Scene: Pat sets down the cooler.
Bluey, Bingo: Hi, Chucky! Hi, Lucky!
Pat: Ready for the big game, girls?
Bluey, Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: Dad said we get to stay up.
Pat: Way to go! Where is your dad?
Bandit: Here he is!
Scene: Bandit makes his entrance, showing off his body paint - all his blue fur has been painted maroon.
Bingo, Bluey, Pat, Lucky: Whoa!
Pat: Look out.
Bandit: Ready for this?
Scene: Bandit and Pat clasp hands and squeeze aggressively.
Pat: Oh, yeah. C'mon, Maroons.
Bluey: Wait. What colour is our team again?
Bandit, Pat: (cheering) Maroon!
Bluey: Maroon?
Chucky: Yeah. It's like purple.
Pat: Hey, where's Chilli?
Bandit: She's at the game. Frisky got tickets.
Pat: No way!
Bingo: She's going to wave to me from the TV.
Chucky: Whoa.
Bandit: Well, look, Bingo, she said she'd do her best.
Bingo: She will. You watch.
Bluey: Where's your mum?
Lucky: Mum's on the blue team, 'cause she was born a long way from here.
Janelle: (off screen) Come on, the Blues!
Bandit, Bingo, Bluey: Huh?
Scene: They all look over the deck railing towards Pat's house.  Janelle is on the back porch, wearing a blue jersey and yelling through cupped hands.
Janelle: We're gonna flog ya!
Lucky, Bandit, Pat: Boo!
Chucky: Dad, don't boo Mum.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: The Decider.
Scene: Back on the deck, the game is beginning.  Bandit, Bluey, and Chucky watch from the couch.  Pat sits on a wooden chair, Lucky sits on the cooler, and Bingo lies on her stomach on the floor.  A whistle blows.
Commentator: There's the kick-off.
Scene: The screen shows the Blues kicking off, and the Maroons receiving.
Bandit: Here we go!
Pat: Come on, Maroons!
Bluey: Dad, is there any food?
Scene: Without taking his eyes off the screen, Bandit feels around on the table.
Bandit: Oh, uh, I got some beef jerky..
Scene: He locates the bag of jerky, and passes it to Bluey.
Bandit: ...and there's pizzas coming at halftime.
Scene: Bluey takes out a piece of jerky and looks at it quizzically.  On the screen, a Maroon player is tackled by two Blue players.
Commentator: ...and Bucko is hit hard...
Bingo: I can't see Mum.
Scene: Bluey puts the jerky back in the bag and puts it back on the table.
Bluey: Chucky, if your dad is on the purple team, but your mum is on the blue team, then what team are you on?
Chucky: Mum said I could choose either.
Bluey: My mum and dad are all on the purple team so I'm purple. Even though I'm blue. It's confusing.
Chucky: Mm. I'm gold.
Bluey: Is there a gold team?
Chucky: No, it's just purple or blue.
Bluey: Oh. Can I help you choose a colour?
Chucky: Yes, please.
Commentator: ...and Diesel outside...
A Maroon player is running with the ball, approaching the goal-line.  Pat and Bandit cheer simultaneously: 
Pat: Hey, hey, hey, yes! All right!
Bandit: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yes! C'mon!
Bluey: The grown-ups are about to dance! This is my favourite bit!
Scene: Lucky, Pat, and Bandit jump up.
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: YEAHHH!
Scene: They jump up and down, pumping their arms in celebration.
Lucky: Woo!
Bandit: Giddyap!
Pat: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey and Chucky giggle.  Bandit sits down and starts texting aggressively.
Commentator: ...Maroons have taken an early lead.
Scene: Pat walks over to the deck railing and yells through cupped hands.
Pat: What do you think about that, Janelle?!
Scene: From their living room, Janelle glares and gives him a thumbs down.
Bluey: Maybe you should be purple. There's more dancing.
Commentator: Hang on a moment, the ref wants to check...
Scene: Bandit and Pat's attention snap back to the screen.  Bandit stops texting.
Commentator: ...if Flogger obstructed the defender...
Bandit: What?
Commentator: ...on the way through.
Pat: Huh?
Scene: The crowd boos.
Commentator: There you go, no try.
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: No try?!
Bandit: What's wrong with that?!
Pat: Come on.
Bluey: What's going on?
Janelle: (yelling from off screen) You bunch of cheats!
Scene: Lucky, Pat, and Bandit rush to the railing.
Pat: You're the cheats!
Janelle: Boo!
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: Boo!
Scene: Chucky and Bluey laugh.  On the screen behind them, play has resumed.  The Blues complete a pass.
Commentator: A long ball out to Zipper.
Scene: He passes to another Blue player.  Bingo is having trouble keeping her eyes open.
Bingo: (sleepily) I can't see Mum yet.
Scene: Later, Bingo is napping on the floor.  Someone has provided her a pillow and blanket.
Commentator: He's gone straight through.
Bandit: Here we go.
Commentator: He's got the ball...
Bandit: Here we go!
Commentator: Chip is on his right, Buckeye's on his left.
Bluey: They're about to dance again!
Pat: Yes! Yes! Yes!
Scene: Nearly at the goal line, the Maroon ball carrier is tackled, but he manages to pass the ball.  A blue player intercepts it.
Commentator: Intercepted.
Lucky, Pat, Bandit: What?! No! Tackle him!
Scene: The Blue player runs down the field, approaching the other goal line.
Pat, Bandit: Tackle him!
Scene: The Blue player dives over the goal line.  The whistle blows.
Commentator: ...a mighty good try, and the Blues are over.
Scene: The Blue player gets up and spikes the ball.
Janelle: (off screen) Woo-hoo!
Scene: Bluey and Chucky look over the back of the couch.  Janelle jumps up and starts dancing The Sprinkler.
Janelle: Whoo! Yeah!
Chucky: Bluey, look! Mum's dancing.
Bluey: Oh, that's nice.
Scene: Later, the mood has turned.  Pat and Bandit are kneeling in front of their seats.  Lucky, Pat, and Bandit look worried.  On the screen, a Maroon player fails to tackle the Blue ball-carrier.
Commentator: He beats cover on the outside.
Bandit: No. No!
Pat: Tackle him! Get him!
Chucky: Purple hasn't danced in ages.
Bandit: No!
Scene: Two Marroon players tackle the Blue ball-carrier, but he was already past the goal line.
Pat, Bandit: Oh, biscuits!
Janelle: (off screen) Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Scene: Bluey and Chucky look over the back of the couch again.  Bandit and Pat pointedly don't look.
Commentator: Now the Blue is down in the front with the kick still to come.
Chucky: Do you want to go over to my mum's?
Bluey: Yeah, come on.
Scene: Bluey and Chucky jump down off the couch and run off.  Bandit cradles his head in his hands.  Pat scowls at the screen.
Bandit: Oh, man.
Scene: In the Retrievers' living room, Janelle cheers at the screen.  The living room has been decorated with blue flags and balloons.
Janelle: Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
Scene: The Blues celebrate on the screen.  Chucky runs in, with Bluey following behind.
Chucky: Mum!
Scene: She picks Chucky up and swings him around.
Janelle: Chucky!
Bluey: Can we watch the game with you? There's more dancing.
Janelle: Well, Bluey, I wouldn't normally be happy with a Maroons supporter, but I'll allow it.
Chucky, Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: The tone of the announcer and crowd become more excited.  Janelle picks up a bowl of popcorn and hands it to the kids.
Janelle: Here, have some popcorn. I just made it.
Scene: On the screen, the Blue ball-carrier runs for the goal line.
Pat, Bandit: (off screen) Go! Tackle him!
Janelle: Go, go, go!
Scene: Janelle grabs Chucky and hugs him tight.
Janelle: YESSS!
Chucky: Mum! Too tight!
Scene: Bluey laughs. Janelle sets Chucky down.
Janelle: C'mon, let's give it to your dad.
Scene: All three run out on the back porch and yell at the Heelers' house.
Janelle, Bluey, Chucky: Come on, the Blues!
Bandit: Hey, Bluey! What do you think you're doing?
Scene: Bluey laughs.  Janelle does a little dance.
Janelle: Woo-hoo-hoo! Haha!
Bluey: This is fun.
Chucky: Maybe I should be on the blue team.
Bluey: Yeah. They've got popcorn.
Scene: She offers him the bowl.
Scene: Later, in the Retrievers' living room, the mood has changed again.  Now Janelle is nervous.
Commentator: Here comes Queensland.
Janelle: What?! No!
Scene: The Maroon ball-carrier dodges two attempted tackles.
Commentator: And they won't be stopping this bloke, not from here...
Janelle: No, no! Tackle him!
Scene: The Blue player tackles him, having already passed the goal line.
Janelle: No!
Scene: Janelle cradles her face in her hands.  The crowd roars.
Commentator: He's over! That's a try.
Scene: Bluey and Chucky look over at the Heelers' deck.  Bandit and Pat are celebrating.
Bandit: Yeah!
Pat: All Right!
Bandit, Pat: Woo-hoo!
Scene: Chucky sighs.
Chucky: Now they're dancing again.
Scene: Lucky walks onto the deck with a stack of three pizza boxes.
Lucky: Pizza's here!
Commentator: It's halftime in the decider and we'll be back in just a moment.
A graphic on the screen shows the score: 8 Maroon to 18 Blue.
Scene: In the Heelers' back yard, Bluey and Chucky are eating slices of pizza.  Pat and Janelle argue about the game.  Bandit kicks a rugby ball to Lucky.
Janelle: It was forward.
Bandit: No, it wasn't.
Scene: Lucky kicks the ball back to Bandit.
Pat: Are we watching the same game, Janelle?
Scene: Pat and Janelle continue arguing in the background as Bluey and Chucky talk.
Bluey: Do you know what colour you're going to be, Chucky?
Scene: Chucky puts down his pizza crust.
Chucky: I don't know. Whenever Dad's colour is happy, Mum is sad. But whenever Mum's colour is happy, Dad is sad.
Commentator: So the teams are on their way out.  The second half is on, forty minutes...
Bandit: Alright, they're running back on.
Pat: See you, babe.
Scene: Pat kisses Janelle on the cheek.  He joins Bandit, Bluey, and Lucky in walking back to the Heelers' house.
Janelle: Hey, Chuckles, you gonna keep watching a bit with me, and a bit with your dad?
Scene: Pat and Lucky stop.
Lucky: No! He has to choose one side.
Chucky: Why?
Lucky: 'Cause you can't keep changing.
Pat: He can if he wants to, Lucky.
Lucky: But that's not fair.
Janelle: You do whatever you want, sweetheart.
Scene: Lucky runs back to the Heelers' house.
Chucky: That's okay. I can choose one colour.
Scene: Chucky stands midway between his parents.  He looks from Janelle, to Pat, and back to Janelle.  Both his parents smile.  He points to Pat.
Chucky: I'll be purple.
Janelle: No worries, sweetie.
Scene: Janelle holds out her arms, and Chucky runs up for a hug.
Janelle: (whiserping) Good luck. But not too much.
Chucky: Thanks, Mum.
Scene: Chucky breaks the hug.  Janelle looks after him sadly.  Pat puts his hand on Chucky's back.  As he escorts him back to the Heelers' house, he looks over his shoulder and makes eye contact with Janelle.  They share a bittersweet glance.
Scene: Janelle sadly looks after them, then turns and jumps the fence.  A musical montage begins.
Scene: The Maroons score a try, Lucky, Pat and Bandit celebrate.  The score is now 88 Maroon to 18 Blue. Janelle puts her face in her hands.  The team celebrates on screen.  Pat and Bandit put their arms around each others shoulders and pump their arms in celebration.  Lucky jumps for joy.  Bingo continues to sleep on the floor.  Bluey shimmies excitedly in her seat.  Chucky, who was initially excited, looks conflicted and looks over the back of the couch.  He sees Janelle turn off the TV and walk out of the room.  Bingo wakes up.  The broadcast is showing crowd shots, and the camera has focused on Trixie, Chilli, and Frisky.  Frisky taps Chilli's shoulder to get her attention, and points to the wrong camera.  They all wave excitedly, not quite looking at the screen.  Sleepily, Bingo waves back.  As the final score graphic appears on screen, and they continue to celebrate, the camera pans up to the night sky.
Scene: The scene cuts to an establishing shot of the Heelers' house in daytime.  It cuts again to the Heelers' living room.  It's been decorated with green and yellow flags and balloons, featuring the silhouette of Australia and Tasmania and emus.  Cushions have been set out on the floor, and Chilli brings in a dining room chair.  Bingo sits on the floor, watching the pregame on TV.  A dog in a yellow jersey is contrasted with a dog in black.
Commentator: Welcome back, and what a game we have ahead of us today.
Scene: The whole Retriever family enters.
Janelle: Hey. Here we go!
Chilli: Ho-ho! Look out.
Pat: C'mon the green and gold.
Lucky, Janelle, Chucky, Pat, and Chilli: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey walks in.
Bluey: What's going on?
Chucky: There's a gold team! There's a gold team!
Bluey: What?!
Scene: Bandit enters.  He's painted gold over his blue fur, with green accents on the borders, and Australia and Tasmania on his stomach.
Bandit: Let's do this!
Scene: Everyone but Bluey cheers.
Chucky: There's another game of football and there's a gold team and Mum and Dad are both on it!
Bluey: Really? They're on the same team?
Chucky: Yeah! We're all on it.
Everyone but Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey chuckles.
Bandit: Except for your mate Mackenzie. You got that?
Bluey: Got it.
Scene: From outside, a car horn honks.
Mackenzie's Mum, Mackenzie's Dad: (off screen) Boooo!
Scene: They all run out to the front porch, which has also been decorated with green and gold balloons.  The Border Collies are parked in front of the Heelers' house in their orange ute.  Mackenzie's Dad leans out the passenger's window.  Mackenzie's Mum climbs halfway out the driver's window on the far side of the car to boo more effectively.  Mackenzie, in the back seat, just stares.
Mackenzie's Dad: Booo!
Mackenzie's Mum, Mackenzie's Dad: We're gonna flog ya!
Mackenzie's Dad: Booo!
Janelle, Chilli, Pat, Lucky, Bandit: We're gonna flog you! Boo!
Mackenzie: What's going on?
Scene: Mackenzie's Dad laughs.  Mackenzie's Mum climbs back in the window.
Mackenzie's Dad: Go the Kiwis!
Scene: Mackenzie's Mum honks the horn as she drives off.  Bluey and Chucky laugh.
Commentator: This could be the clincher!
Scene: On the television, the Gold ball carrier evades a tackle.  Bandit, Janelle, and Pat are on the edge of their seats.  Bingo is curled up asleep in Chilli's lap.  Bluey, Chucky, and Lucky watch from the cushions on the floor.
Commentator: They can't stop him.
Bandit, Janelle, Pat, Chilli: Yes... Yes... Yes... Come on!
Scene: The adults all jump up and cheer, except for Chilli who only cheers.  Janelle and Pat hug, and Pat lifts her off the ground.
Pat, Janelle: Come here, Chucky!
Scene: They pick him up for a group hug.
Commentator: That's what it's all about.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music continues into the credits.  A rugby ball bounces in from the left, coming to rest at the bottom right of the screen.  The usual blue background fades into maroon.
<|endoftext|>
This episode opens on the remains of a meal - a single crinkle-cut chip on a plate, surrounded by ketchup. The shot pulls back to show the whole table: the Heelers have just finished a meal. Bluey and Bingo are coloring with crayons. Bandit is sitting quietly; Chilli raises a hand to get a server's attention.
Chilli: Excuse me? Yes, over here.
Bingo: Ooh, I need brown.
Scene: Bingo reaches for her crayons, and knocks the box off the table.
Bingo: Oops.
Scene: Bingo ducks under the table.  She bumps the table, knocking over the table number.  Chilli picks it up and straightens the card.
Chilli: Oh, yes. Can we get the bill, please?
Bluey: (singing loudly and shrilly) OH, CAN WE GET THE BILL?!
Bandit: Bluey, inside voice.
Bluey: (singing quietly) Oh, can we get the bill?
Bandit: Is Bingo gonna eat that chip?
Chilli: Uh, no. I think she's finished.
Bandit: SCAB!
Scene: Bandit snatches the ship and eats it.  Bingo climbs back into her seat and sets her crayon box on the table.
Bingo: There! Hey, where's my chip?
Bandit: Ee!
Bluey: Dad ate it.
Scene: Bandit swallows guiltily.
Bingo: (betrayed) What?!
Scene: The Heeler family is standing outside at a crosswalk.  Bingo looks very upset.
Bingo: I was saving that chippy.
Bandit: I know. I said I was sorry, kid.
Chilli: It's my fault. I thought you'd finished.
Bingo: I was still very hungry.
Chilli: How can we make it up to you, Bingo?
Bandit: Yeah. Name your price.
Bluey: Ah! I know.
Scene: Bluey whispers something in Bingo's ear.  She perks up, and both Bingo and Bluey start to wag their tails.
Bingo: Eee! Dance mode!
Bandit and Chilli: Aw, not dance mode.
Scene: Bingo and Bluey giggle.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Dance Mode.
Scene: Chilli pushes the crossing button repeatedly.
Bluey: Eee, I'm so excited!
Bingo: Me too!
Bandit: Right. You get three dance modes, Bingo, and then that's it.
Bluey and Bingo: Okay.
Scene: The crossing signal changes from a red sitting dog to a green walking dog.
Chilli: Green dog. Come on.
Scene: The Heelers cross the street.  One of the cars is playing loud music.
Bluey: (gasps) Bingo, music! Shall we put Mum in dance mode?
Bingo: Um, yes, okay.
Bluey: I'll do it.
Scene: Bluey flips Chilli's tail like a switch.  Chilli immediately starts to dance as she continues through the crosswalk.
Bluey and Bingo: (laugh)
Scene: As Chilli continues to dance, drivers stare, laugh, and honk their horns.
Bandit: Quick, let's bail kids! [to the drivers] She's not with us!
Chilli: Bandit!
Scene: Bandit hurries away, taking Bluey and Bingo with him.  Chilli has one more car to cross in front of - and Wendy is driving it; Pat is in the car behind Wendy.  Wendy doesn't notice Chilli - she's rummaging in the glove box, and then she recognizes Bandit and watches him leave the crosswalk.  As Chilli shimmies in front of Wendy's car, Pat leans out the window.
Pat: Whoo! Shake it Chilli!
Scene: Wendy glares at Pat and shakes her head.
Chilli: (waves) Morning, Wendy!
Scene: Wendy finally notices Chilli, looking shocked.  The shot cuts to the other side of the crosswalk.  As Chilli exits the street, Bluey and Bingo giggle.  Chilli leans on the crosswalk button and wipes sweat from her brow.
Chilli: Phew.
Bluey: That was so funny.
Scene: Chilli is sweating a lot.
Bandit: You still got it, babe.
Chilli: You'll get yours.
Bingo: Bluey, the next dance mode is going to be mine to choose when, okay? Not you.
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: A few dogs are standing around outside a post office.  Inside, Bandit is second in line at the counter.  Bluey is holding his hand, Bingo is reading a book, and Chilli is browsing a display of greeting cards.
Bluey: Are you gonna use your dance mode in here, Bingo?
Bingo: No. I wanna save it for somewhere special. Plus there's no music here.
Bluey: Oh, yeah.
Bandit: Aw, what a shame.
Postie: Next, please.
Scene: Bandit and Bluey walk up to the counter.
Postie: How can I help?
Bandit: I just need to change the address on this.
Scene: Bandit hands Postie his driver's license.
Postie: Okay. I'll need to see two forms of I.D., please.
Bandit: Two? Uh, hang on. Let me have a look.
Scene: Chilli opens up a card - it plays a chiptune version of Oh! Susannah.
Chilli: Ooh, music! Bingo, can I please use dance mode on your dad?
Bingo: Uh, well, it's just --
Chilli: Pretty please.
Scene: Chilli makes her Please Face.
Bingo: (hesistantly) Uh, okay, yes.
Chilli: Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit, who is holding out another card for Postie to see.
Bandit: Well, I've got my gym card. It's sorta got my picture on it.
Postie: Uh, no. I can't use a gym card, mate.
Scene: Oh! Susannah begins to play from offscreen.
Bandit: Oh no!
Scene: Chilli flips Bandit's tail down, activating Dance Mode.
Chilli: Dance mode!
Scene: Bandit spins around, then starts shaking his bum.  Chilli, Bingo and Bluey laugh.  Bandit keeps holding up his gym card as he dances.
Postie: Uh, are you okay?
Scene: Bandit does some kicks.
Bandit: I'm fine. Just ignore this.
Scene: Bandit does The Twist.  He gets out his library card
Bandit: Now, um, what about my library card?
Postie: Uh, I'm sorry, we can only accept...
Scene: Bandit does The Running Man.
Postie: Look, if you could just stop dancing for a moment.
Scene: Bandit does a Cossack dance.
Bandit: I would if I could, mate.
Scene: Bandit starts doing a jig.  Chilli, Bingo, and Bluey are laughing at him.  The customer at the end of the line heckles him.
Customer: Hey, Twinkle-toes! Hurry up!
Scene: The scene cuts to the Heeler family walking down the sidewalk.  Bingo and Bluey are still laughing.
Chilli: That was glorious.
Bandit: Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bluey: When are you gonna use your last dance mode, Bingo?
Bingo: Last one? But I haven't even used my first one yet.
Scene: Music starts to play.
Bluey: What's that noise?
Scene: Bandit starts to herd his family back the way they came.;;
Bandit: Uh, let's, um, go this way instead. Come on, come on, come on!
Bluey: Ooh, here. Hang on.
Scene: Bandit tries to block Bluey's view with his body.
Bandit: Nothing to see up there.
Bluey: Ooh, look!
Scene: Bingo points past Bandit.  Cut to Busker, who is playing on a Thongophone - an instrument consisting of a tangle of PVC pipes, played by slapping the pipe openings with thongs.  He is surrounded by a crowd of several dozen people, and has set out a hat to accept tips.
Busker: Whoo! Shake it! (howls)
Scene: The Heelers approach.
Busker: Shake your tails!
Bluey: He's playing music with thongs!
Bingo: Wow!
Bluey: Is this a good place for you dance mode?
Bingo: Ooh, yeah!
Bluey: Do it, Bingo.
Bingo: Dance mo--
Scene: Bingo tries to flip Bandit and Chilli's tails.  They grab their tails and pull them out of the way before Bingo can reach them.
Bandit: Oh, hang on.
Chilli: Yeah, hang on.
Bingo: Hey.
Bandit: Look, uh, you seem like you're cheered up, Bingo. Maybe we can forget about that last dance mode.
Bingo: Aw, what?
Bluey: No fair!
Scene: Bandit pulls out his wallet and rummages for bills.
Bandit: Okay, look, I'm gonna buy your last dance mode off you for, uh, ten -- no, no, no, twenty bucks.
Chilli: Bandit, no!
Bluey: Whoa, twenty dollar bucks! You could buy a Yes/No button!
Bandit: Yeah, yeah. Yes/No button -- that thing sounds good.
Scene: Bluey makes her Please Face.
Bluey: Please, Bingo?
Scene: Bandit makes his Please Face, holding out a 20 dollar bill.  Chilli glares at him and shakes her head.
Bandit: Pretty please?
Bingo: Uh. Okay.
Scene: Bingo takes the 20 dollar bill, but looks conflicted about it.
Bluey: Hooray! Let's go!
Scene: Bluey runs off happily.  Bingo follows.  Bandit pantomimes wiping his brow.
Bandit: Phew!
Chilli: This is not good parenting.
Scene: The scene cuts to a very small store that mainly sells backpacks - it also sells plushies, water bottles, keychains, and headphones.  And, of course, Yes/No buttons - a yellow keychain with a green Y button and a red N button.  Bandit and Chilli are standing at the register, looking bored. Bingo and Bluey are over by the Yes/No buttons.
Bluey: Oh, here it is. Look, Bingo. You push this.
Yes/No Button: YES
Scene: Bluey laughs. Bingo looks at her blankly.
Bluey: And if you push this one...
Yes/No Button: NO
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Bluey: What do you think? Do you want it, yeah? Should we get it?
Bingo: Uh, okay.
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: The scene cuts to a parking garage.  The family is walking together; Bluey is playing with the Yes/No Button.
Yes/No Button: NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
Bandit: Well that all worked out, didn't it, kids?
Yes/No Button: YES
Scene: Bluey giggles.  Bingo looks sad.
Scene: The scene changes to the back seat of the Heeler's car.  Bluey is still playing with the Yes/No Button, Bingo is still sad.
Yes/No Button: YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Bandit: Aw, Bingo, what's up?
Chilli: You wanna tell us what's the matter, honey?
Scene: Bingo shakes her head.
Bluey: Do you not like your Yes/No Button?
Scene: Bingo takes the Yes/No Button and presses N.
Yes/No Button: NO
Bluey: (yelling) BUT YOU SAID YOU WANTED IT!
Bandit: Bluey, inside voice.
Bluey: (stage-whispering) But she said she wanted it, so why is she upset?
Chilli: Is it because people keep taking things from you without asking?
Scene: Bingo presses Y.
Yes/No Button: YES
Chilli: I thought so.
Bandit: Like when I took your last chip?
Scene: Bingo presses Y.
Yes/No Button: YES
Chilli: And I took one of your dance modes.
Scene: Bingo presses Y.
Yes/No Button: YES
Bluey: Well, I took one, too, but I asked. We all asked, and she said yes. Didn't you Bingo?
Scene: Bingo hesitates, then presses Y.
Yes/No Button: YES
Bluey: See? So what are we meant to do then?
Bandit: This is confusing.
Chilli: Bingo, sometimes does your outside voice say yes when your inside voice really means no?
Bluey: Oh, yeah, like this.
Scene: Bluey mashes the Yes and No button at the same time.
Yes/No Button: YES NO NO Y-NO YES
Scene: Bingo smiles.  Bluey, Bingo, and Bandit laugh.
Bluey: I'm sorry Bingo.
Chilli: Me too.
Bandit: Yeah, me too.
Scene: Bandit rubs Bingo's head and she giggles.
Bluey: (leadingly) Can you think of a way that we can make it up to you?
Bandit and Chilli: Whoa, hang on.
Scene: Thongophone music begins to play, and Bingo smiles evilly.  She presses the Y button.
Yes/No Button: YES
Scene: The scene cuts back to Busker playing the thongophone.  Bluey's Tooth Fairy money is in his hat.
Busker: Hey! Hey, hey!
Scene: The Heelers are standing at the front of the crowd.  Bingo's tail is wagging hard.
Bluey: This is gonna be fun!
Bandit: Oh, boy.
Scene: Bandit, Chilli, and Bluey all put their tails together.
Bluey: We're ready, Bingo!
Scene: Bingo squeals and moves into position.
Bandit: This seems to happen to us a lot.
Chilli: (laughing) Just dance like no one's watching.
Scene: Bingo stands behind them with her hand in the air.
Bingo: Ready?
Scene: Bandit closes his eyes in embarrassment and addresses the crowd.
Bandit: Ladies and gentlemen: I'm doing this for my kid!
Scene: Bingo slaps her hand down, flipping down all of their tails.
Bingo: Dance Moooode!
Scene: Bandit, Chilli, and Bluey leap into the open space in the center of the plaza, and start dancing like crazy.
Busker: Whoo!  Yeah! Here we go!
As the Heelers dance, each of them gets a solo shot: Bluey is fist pumping and jumping around; Chilli is windmilling her arms; Bandit is doing the robot.  Bingo is bouncing from side to side and hitting the Y button.
Yes/No Button: YES YES YES YES
Busker: Whoo! Yeah!
Scene: Bandit, Chilli, and Bluey are still dancing.
Bandit: Let's take this to the mat!
Scene: Bandit flops down on the ground and starts doing the Worm.
Busker: Who likes to daaaance?!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: Bluey dances to the Busker's song, which continues through the end credits.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens on a cricket pitch in a park.  Bluey is bowling, and Bingo is at bat.  Bandit, Stripe, Pat, Lucky, Honey, Snickers, Mackenzie, Chloe, Rusty, and Dusty are fielding.  Pat tosses the ball to Bandit.
Bandit: [voiceover] Let me tell you about the time we tried to get Rusty out.
Scene: He hands the ball to Bluey.
Bandit: [voiceover] It was some kid's birthday, I don't remember who.  And we were playing cricket.
Scene: Bingo taps her bat on the ground.
Bluey: Eryah!
Scene: Bluey throws as hard as she can, the follow-through spinning her around.   The ball flies high, and bounces a couple of times before it gets to Bingo.  Bingo swings too soon and misses the ball.  She lets go of the bat, and it knocks over the wicket.  She falls on her bottom, laughing.
Bandit: Oh, out you go, Bingo. Well done.
Scene: He gives her a thumbs-up.
Bluey: Whose bat?
Scene: Stripe raises his hand.
Stripe: Mine.
Bandit: Okay, everyone, move in close. Move in close.
Stripe: Hilarious.
Scene: Stripe picks up the bat and takes his position.
Bandit: Give us a bowl, Bluey.
Scene: She tosses Bandit the ball.  He takes a running start and bowls.
Bandit: Erryah!
Stripe: Err!
Scene: Stripe hits the ball high and fast.
All: Whoa!
Scene: It bounces off the roof of a house, outside the park.
Pat: Six and out!
Scene: Stripe walks away smugly.
Bandit: Oh, man!
Pat: Who hasn't had a bat yet?
Bluey: Rusty hasn't.
Scene: She points at Rusty, who is showing Dusty proper catching posture.
Pat: Hey, Rusty. Your bat, mate.
Bluey: Dad, can we play tiggy instead?
Scene: Bandit waves to someone off screen, seeking the ball.
Bandit: What? Cricket's more fun than tiggy.
Scene: Someone throws the ball from off screen, Bandit catches it.
Bluey: But cricket is just about hitting a ball around the grass.
Bandit: Cricket's about more than that, kid.
Scene: Rusty picks up the bat and takes up his stance.
Bandit: Tell you what, we'll get Rusty out and then play tiggy.
Bluey: You'll never get Rusty out.
Bandit: I think I can handle it.
Scene: Bandit bowls a much slower ball than he delivered to Stripe.
Rusty: Ha!
Scene: Rusty hits a straight drive, right by Bandit's head.  He ducks.
Bandit: Aah!
All: Yeah, Rusty!
Pat: Four bits!
Bluey: See?
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Cricket.
Scene: Bandit prepares to bowl again.  He polishes one side of the ball and tosses it from hand to hand.
Bandit: You right with a bit of swing, Rusty?
Rusty: All good, Mr. Heeler.
Bandit: [voiceover] Now, what we didn't know was that Rusty loved cricket.
Scene: The scene cuts to Rusty's house.  They have set up a cricket pitch in the front yard, and he's playing with Digger and Dusty.  Rusty is at bat, Digger is bowling with a tennis ball.
Bandit: [voiceover] He played all day with his brother and sister.
Dusty: Can you hit me a catch?
Rusty: Not yet, Dusty. I'm almost at fifty.
Scene: Rusty hits the ball over Digger's head.  Digger and Dusty run after it as Rusty runs for the wicket.
Dusty: Ya!
Scene: The scene cuts to Rusty, hitting a tennis ball against the side of the house with a cricket bat.  The siding is showing signs of wear in that spot.
Bandit: [voiceover] And when they weren't around, he played by himself.
Scene: Back in the present, Bandit bowls.  Rusty hits a cover drive, midway between Snickers and Stripe.  Bandit stares at the ball, as Rusty scores runs behind him.
Bandit: Far out.
Scene: The ball stops at Snickers' feet.  He picks it up and throws it about 50 centimetres.
Pat: That's it, Snickers!
Scene: Rusty scores another run.  Pat and Bandit walk up to Bandit to discuss strategy.
Bandit: Man, this kid's good.
Pat: Look, he likes to square cut.
Scene: Rusty scores another run.  The scene cuts to a diagram, showing crude drawings of the characters on the cricket pitch.
Pat: Stripe, you and me will move to gully and point.
Scene: Stripe and Pat move to Rusty's right.
Pat: You send one to his off stump.
Scene: The diagram shows Bandit bowling towards the stump furthest from Rusty.  He hits it at a right angle, directly to Pat.
Pat: Lure him into the catch.
Scene: The drawings of Stripe and Pat wiggle from side to side in celebration.
Scene: Back in reality, Bandit runs up to bowl.  The scene cuts to Digger bowling in the Kelpies' front yard.
Bandit: [voiceover] It was a good plan, but we didn't know about Rusty's kitchen.
Scene: He delivers the ball.  Rusty hits it to his right - through an open kitchen window, knocking a bowl out of his mum's hands.
Rusty's Mum: Aaargh!
Scene: She glares at them.  Rusty and Digger look nervous.
Rusty: Uh-oh!
Digger: Run!
Scene: The kids split up, running in different directions.  Rusty's Mum comes out the front door, wielding a scrubbing brush.
Rusty, Dusty, Digger: Aaaah!
Rusty's Mum: Hey, come back here!
Scene: The scene cuts to Rusty, practicing in the side yard.  He has set up a can on a stump to his right.
Bandit: [voiceover] That was good motivation to work on his square cut.
Scene: Rusty hits the ball against the house, then on the rebound, tries to hit the stump.  He misses the first two attempts, and knocks it down on the third.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Rusty, Dusty, and Digger playing in the front yard.  Rusty hits another square cut - this time, it bounces off the siding next to the window.  His mum glares, warningly.  Rusty smiles sheepishly, then starts to run the wickets.
Bandit: [voiceover] I had no chance.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the present.  Bandit runs up to bowl.  Stripe and Pat crouch, ready to receive the ball.  Bandit delivers the ball with a grunt.
Scene: Rusty hits the ball.
Rusty: Yeh!
Scene: The ball is perfectly placed between Stripe and Pat.  They both dive for it, and both miss.
Kids: Yeah, Rusty!
Scene: Chloe flosses in celebration.  Bingo attempts to do a handstand.
Bandit: [voiceover] It was time to mix up the attack.
Scene: Stripe snatches the ball away from Bandit.
Stripe: Give me that. I've had enough of your pies.
Scene: Bandit rolls his eyes and walks away.
Stripe: Bit of spin okay, Rusty?
Rusty: All good, Mr. Heeler.
Scene: Pat runs up to Stripe and whispers to him.
Pat: (whispering) Stripe, put it right on that crack there, see?
Scene: The camera pans to a crack in the pitch, a few feet ahead of Rusty, to his left.
Stripe: (whispering) Oh, yeah, good call.
Scene: Pat runs back to his position behind Rusty.
Bandit: [voiceover] Stripe couldn't spin to save himself, but if he could land it on that crack, Rusty would have no chance.
Scene: Stripe begins his run-up.  The scene cuts to Calypso's school.  Coco and Bella are talking on the porch.  Pretzel chases a chicken in the yard.  Rusty and Jack are standing with Calypso on the front path.  Jack's Dad and Lulu have just arrived and are standing at the edge of the car park.  Jack and Rusty run up to them.  Jack hugs his dad.
Bandit: [voiceover] But what we didn't know was that when Rusty's dad was away...
Scene: The scene cuts to Jack's Dad's car.  All three kids are in car seats in the back.  They all talk excitedly.
Bandit: [voiceover] ...he'd get a lift home with his mate Jack. And this was his front yard.
Scene: The scene cuts to Jack and Rusty playing cricket in Jack's front yard.  The Russels' front yard features a huge tree with exposed roots that takes up half the yard.  They have set up a tree branch and a cardboard box in lieu of wickets.  Rusty is at bat under the tree, surrounded by roots and seed pods.
Scene: Jack bowls.  The ball bounces off an exposed root and Rusty misses.  The ball knocks over the wicket.
Jack: Got him!
Rusty: Awww, not fair.
Scene: Rusty played at Jack's a lot that year.
Scene: The scene cuts to Calypso's school on another day.  Jack's Dad picks them both up again.
Scene: In the Russels' yard, Jack bowls again.
Jack: Huh!
Scene: The ball bounces past Rusty, knocking over the wicket.
Bandit: [voiceover] So he got pretty good at playing on a rough wicket.
Scene: The scene cuts - another ball gets past Rusty.  On the third try, he hits the ball, knocking it onto the roof.
Rusty, Jack: Yeah!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the present.  Stripe runs up to bowl.
Bandit: [voiceover] He could handle Stripe's fruit any day.
Scene: Stripe hits the crack, and the ball bounces at a sharp angle.  Rusty hits it anyway, pulling it to the left.
Scene: The kids cheer.
Pat: What?!
Scene: Bandit laughs heartily.
Stripe: How did he hit that?!
Bandit: [voiceover] Now, every batsman has a weak spot.
Scene: Lucky retrieves the ball and throws it to Pat.
Pat: That's it. Time for a pace attack.
Bandit: [voiceover] And Rusty's was pace.
Pat: Okay if I have a go, Rusty?
Scene: Rusty looks worried.
Scene: The scene cuts to a cricket pitch in a different park.  Digger is at bat.  The other kids are about Digger's age.  Most of them are new characters, but Mia and Captain are among them.
Bandit: [voiceover] Sometimes Rusty would play with his older brother's mates, one of them being this kid Tiny...
Scene: Tiny runs up and pitches.
Bandit: [voiceover] who could bowl really fast.
Scene: The ball gets past Digger and smashes the wicket.
Tiny: Got him!
Scene: The other kids cheer.
Bandit: [voiceover] He was never brave enough to bat.
Scene: The wicket-keeper retrieves the ball and tosses it to himself.
Wicket-Keeper: Whose bat?
Bandit: [voiceover] Until one day...
Scene: Rusty hesitantly raises his hand.
Rusty: Um, mine?
Bandit: [voiceover] ..he was.
Scene: Digger hands over the bat, and starts taking off his pads.  He puts them on Rusty.
Scene: Rusty, you can bat if you want, but no one's gotta go easy on you, understand?
Scene: Rusty nods.
Bandit: [voiceover] They didn't play with a tennis ball, either.
Scene: The wicket-keeper tosses the ball back to Tiny.
Bandit: [voiceover] They used a proper cricket ball.
Scene: Tiny tosses the ball in the air.  The camera zooms in, showing the beat-up leather ball. Tiny runs up, and pitches the ball at Rusty.
Bandit: [voiceover] And they are hard.
Scene: Rusty flinches, putting the bat in front of himself. The camera cuts away.  The sound of a ball hitting flesh can be heard.
Rusty: Oof!
Scene: Mia and Digger wince.
ALL: Ooh.
Scene: The scene cuts to the Kelpies' front yard.  Digger and Rusty are returning home.  Rusty is limping.
Scene: The scene cuts to Rusty and Digger's room, at night.  Rusty lies in the top bunk, staring at the ceiling.  Digger leans out from the bottom bunk.
Digger: Maybe wait till you're a bit older.
Scene: Rusty continues to stare at the ceiling.  His eyebrows lower, determined.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the pitch with the older kids.  Rusty is at bat, looking scared.
Bandit: [voiceover] Rusty didn't want to give up, but he was so scared of Tiny.
Scene: Tiny pitches.
Tiny: Ungh!
Scene: Rusty gasps and flinches back.  The ball knocks over the middle stake and both bails.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the Kelpies' front yard.  Rusty fishes around in the mailbox and finds a letter.
Bandit: [voiceover] One day, a letter came.
Rusty: Mum! There's a letter from Dad!
Scene: His tail starts wagging.
Scene: The scene cuts to the kitchen.  Rusty's Mum sits at the table, reading the letter, with her kids gathered close around her to look at the letter.
Rusty's Mum: 'And, Digger, you thought Christmas up north was hot? You should try over here. It is boiling. I'll see you all soon. Miss you heaps, Dad.'
Scene: The kids all smile.
Scene: Back in the front yard, rusty sits on the fence, idly tapping a cricket bat against it.  His mum walks up and leans against the fence beside him.
Rusty's Mum: Rusty? Dad's letter has a PS for you.
Rusty: Can you read it?
Rusty's Mum: 'This Tiny sounds like he's got some pace on him.'
Rusty: He does.
Rusty's Mum: 'I wish I could be there
Scene: to bowl a few at you...'
Scene: The scene fades into the big kids' cricket pitch.  As it does, Rusty's Mum's voice fades into Rusty's Dad's voice.
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] ...but I can't right now, mate.
Scene: One of the other kids is at bat.  He taps the bat on the ground.
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] But look, as you grow up, you'll face harder things than a cricket ball, and you'll have two choices.
Scene: Tiny delivers the ball.  The kid at bat flinches back.  The wicket is knocked down.
Wicket-Keeper: Got him!
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] Back away and get out...
Tiny: Whose bat is it?
Scene: Rusty raises his hand.
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] ..or...
Scene: Rusty is at bat.  He taps his bat on the ground.  Tiny delivers the ball.
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] ..step in front...
Scene: Rusty steps in front of the wicket and hits the ball to his left.
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] ..and play a pull shot.
Scene: Tiny claps.
Scene: The scene cuts to Rusty's Dad, writing the letter.  He's sitting on top of a wooden structure, fortified with sandbags.
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] Just keep your eye on the ball...
Scene: A helicopter flies overhead.
Rusty's Dad: [voiceover] ...and take care of your little sister for me. Love, Dad.
Scene: In the present, Pat runs up to pitch.
Bandit: [voiceover] Lucky's dad had no chance.
Scene: Pat delivers the ball.
Pat: Uagh!
Scene: Lucky hits a pull shot far to the left.  The kids cheer.
Pat: (cursing) Downward dog!
Scene: Chilli walks out from the shelter where the other parents are gathered around a picnic table covered in snacks, carrying a bowl of chips.
Chilli: Lunchtime!
Kids: Yay, lunch!
Scene: Nah, hang on! Rusty!
Scene: Pat picks up Dusty, who was running towards the lunch spread.
Dusty: Agh!
Pat: One more?
Rusty: Okay.
Scene: Rusty gets back into batting position.
Bandit: [voiceover] Rusty would have played fifty more.
Scene: The scene fades to a beach.  Rusty's whole family is playing cricket together.  Rusty hits the ball, and runs to the other wicket. Rusty's family cheers.
Rusty's Dad: What a shot!
Rusty's Mum: That's it, Rusty, run!
Scene: Rusty's Dad pulls out the single stake they were using as the second wicket, and runs away with it.  Rusty chases him, and he passes the stake to Rusty's Mum.  Rusty's Dad picks him up as his mum makes a getaway.
Bandit: [voiceover] He just loved cricket.
Scene: The present cricket match fades back in.  Dusty is the only fielder.  Bandit and Stripe rub Pat's shoulders.  Bluey stands next to them, eating a sausage.
Bluey: I told you you wouldn't get Rusty out.
Pat: Come on, Pat. This one's for dignity.
Bandit: [voiceover] Lucky's dad put everything he had into that ball.
Scene: Pat runs up and bowls.
Pat: Raugh!
Scene: Rusty gently hits the ball high into the air.
Bandit: [voiceover] And Rusty could have smashed it into next week if he wanted to.
Scene: Dusty runs to get under the ball.  Bandit, Stripe, Pat, and Bluey stare, open-mouthed.
Bandit: [voiceover] But instead...
Scene: Dusty catches the ball.
Dusty: I caught it!
Bandit: [voiceover] ...he hit his little sister a catch.
Scene: The adults continue to stare, open-mouthed.  Bluey smiles widely.
Rusty: Oh, you got me.
Scene: The adults close their mouths.  Pat smiles, he seems touched.  Stripe starts to walk off.
Stripe: And that's lunch.
Rusty: Thanks, Mr. Heeler. Thanks, Lucky's dad.
Pat, Bandit, Stripe: No worries, Rusty.
Scene: Dusty runs up to Rusty with the ball.
Dusty: I got you out!
Scene: Rusty ruffles her hair.
Rusty: I know! I can't believe it. What a catch!
Scene: Dusty laughs and runs off with the ball.
Bandit: (to Bluey) That's what cricket's about, kid.
Scene: As Rusty continues to walk off, the park fades away into a professional cricket stadium, complete with cheering crowd.  An older version of Rusty, in a full cricket uniform, walks onto the pitch.  They bump fists as they pass each other.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode theme continues into the credits, with the addition of a vocalizing crowd.  The cricket bat and red tennis ball from the birthday party game fade in.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler's house.  The sky is overcast, and tinted an ominous green.
Scene: In the sun-room, Chilli finishes mopping the floor and wipes her brow.
Chilli: Done.
Scene: She sighs and lays down on the sun-room couch.  The moment she closes her eyes, Bingo walks up.
Bingo: Mum, can you play with me?
Chilli: Oh, you know what, Bingo? Not right now, honey.
Bingo: Oh. Why not?
Chilli: Well...I just don't feel like playing right now.
Bingo: So?
Scene: Chilli laughs.
Chilli: Bingo!
Bingo: What?
Scene: In Bluey and Bingo's bedroom, Bluey is playing with a reusable bubble wrap style fidget toy.  Bingo walks in.
Bluey: Hi, Bingo.
Bingo: Do you want to play, Bluey?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Hooray! Mum said she wouldn't play with me.
Scene: Bluey puts down the fidget toy and gets down off the bed.
Bluey: You know there is a way you can make people play with you?
Bingo: Really? How?
Bluey: You use magic.
Bingo: Magic?
Bluey: Yeah. You can use it to make people do anything. Mum taught me.
Bingo: Ooh, show me!
Bluey: OK, turn around.
Scene: Bingo turns around.
Bluey: Watch. I can make your tail go this way.
Scene: Bluey waves her hand, theatrically.  Nothing happens. Bluey steps closer and whispers in Bingo's ear.
Bluey: (whispering) Oh, Bingo, pretend my hand controls your tail.
Bingo: Oh, okay!
Scene: Bluey steps back.
Bluey: I can make it go this way...
Scene: She waves her hand, and Bingo's tail moves to follow it.  Bingo giggles.
Bingo: Wow!
Bluey: ...and this way...
Scene: She waves her hand in the other direction, and Bingo's tail follows.  Bingo keeps giggling.
Bluey: ...and wag!
Scene: Bluey waves her hand back and forth, and Bingo's tail wags in response.  Bingo squeals in delight and giggles.
Bingo: Look at it!
Bluey: And it's not just tails. I can do this. Watch! Oop!
Scene: Bluey extends both hands, fingers spread.  She flings her hands towards the bed in a throwing motion.
Bingo: Agh!
Scene: Bingo runs and flings herself onto the bed.  She laughs.
Bingo: Teach me!
Bluey: Um... Sure.
Scene: She shrugs.
Bluey: I guess Mum won't mind.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called: Magic.
Scene: The girls stand on the verandah outside their room.
Bluey: Okay, Bingo, let's do this. Try to magic my ears.
Scene: Bingo makes a reaching gesture.
Bingo: Ee! Ee! It's not working.
Bluey: You've got to be more dramatic, like...
Scene: Bluey waves her hand, putting her whole body into it.
Bluey: HM!
Scene: Bingo yelps.  Her ears fold back.
Bluey: You know?
Scene: Bingo takes a pose, left arm held low across the body, right arm held up by her face.  Bluey walks over and corrects her posture.
Bluey: OK, arm up, feet out.
Scene: Bingo is now posed like she's holding a ball beside her, between both her hands.  Bluey walks back into position.
Bluey: OK, try again.
Scene: Bingo charges up, and then thrusts her hands at Bluey's head.
Bingo: Aah...Hm!
Scene: Bluey's ears fold back.
Bluey: Ah!
Bingo: It worked!
Scene: Bingo giggles, tail wagging.
Bluey: You know magic! Now if someone doesn't want to play with you...
Scene: Bluey makes a gesture with both hands like she's lifting a marionette upright, then spins her finger around.  Bingo stands to attention and turns around.
Bluey: ...you can just make them.
Scene: Bluey pushes both her hands down, and Bingo crouches down.
Bingo: Agh.
Scene: Bluey leapfrogs over Bingo.
Bluey: Leapfrog!
Scene: Bingo giggles.  Bluey lifts her hand, causing Bingo to stand.
Bluey: See?
Bingo: Is there anything else I need to know?
Bluey: Well, there was something else Mum said, some rule... Oh, I forget.
Bingo: Let's use it on Dad!
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: In the back yard, Bandit and Pat have just finished installing new sod along the back edge of the property.
Pat: I think that's it.
Bandit: Looking good.
Scene: Bingo runs up to Bandit.  Bluey hides behind a wheelbarrow.
Bingo: Hi, Dad.
Bandit: G'day, Bingo! Check out the new grass!
Bingo: Ooh. It looks great. Um... Can you play with me?
Bandit: Oh, not right now, mate. We've got to water this in.
Bingo: Oh... well... that's too bad!
Scene: Bingo flings her arms towards Bandit.
Bandit: Is there something wrong with your arms, mate?
Scene: Bingo looks at her palms, disappointed.
Bingo: It's not working.
Bluey: I told you — more dramatic, like this.
Scene: Bluey gestures like a conductor urging the orchestra to play louder.
Bluey: Hm!
Scene: Bingo throws her arms towards Bandit again.
Bingo: Ee!
Scene: Bingo strains, but Bandit doesn't move.
Bandit: Bingo, I think you need your racquet restrung.
Scene: Pat laughs and shakes his head.
Pat: 'Racquet restrung.'
Bingo: I said...that's too bad!
Scene: One again, Bingo throws her arms towards Bandit.  He yelps and freezes in place.
Bandit: Oh, no! Bingo's learned magic! Run, Pat!
Pat: Oh-hh!
Scene: Bluey comes out from behind the wheelbarrow, giggling.  Pat makes a break for it.
Bluey: Oh, no, you don't!
Scene: Bluey throws her arms forward, freezing Pat in the process of jumping over the fence.
Pat: Hup!
Bandit: Nooo!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bluey: What should we do with them?
Bingo: Hmm...
Scene: The scene abruptly cuts to Pat and Bandit dancing a tango.  Pat has a rose in his teeth.
Bandit: This is not fair!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo conduct the dance with arm gestures.
Bandit: Kids! Stop making us dance!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Pat: Stop it!
Scene: Pat dips Bandit, who yelps.  He pulls Bandit back up and spins him across the yard.
Bandit: Whoa!
Bluey: Okay, time for the big finish!
Scene: Pat gets down on one knee, arms upraised.
Pat: Oh, no.
Scene: Bandit runs towards him.
Bandit: You better stick the landing, Pat!
Pat: It's not up to me!
Scene: Bluey grunts.  Bingo motions for Pat to lift, and he successfully lifts Bandit over his head with a roar.
Bluey & Bingo: Hooray!
Bandit: We did it! We did it!
Pat: (straining) Christmas crackers! You weigh a ton! Ohh...
Scene: Pat starts to lose his balance.
Bandit: Pat, you're losing me, Pat! You're losing me!
Scene: They fall to the ground.  Both groan.  Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bingo: I love magic!
'Chilli: Whats going on here?!
Scene: Chilli suddenly appears behind the girls.
Bluey & Bingo: Agh!
Scene: Bluey makes a break for it.  Bingo runs a few steps behind.
Bluey: Run!
Chilli: Oh, no, you don't!
Scene: Chilli magically freezes them, one with each hand.
Chilli: Who taught you how to use magic?
Bingo: Bluey did.
Chilli: I should have known. And did you teach her the most important rule about magic?
Bluey: I couldn't remember it.
Scene: Chilli gestures, and Bluey and Bingo spin around to face Chilli.
Bluey & Bingo: Agh!
Chilli: The rule is: never use magic for cheekiness.
Bluey: Oh, yeah, that's right!
Scene: Pat and Bandit are still lying in a pile.
Pat: Oh, Bandit, get your armpit out of my face.
Chilli: You two, get out of here! This doesn't concern you.
Scene: Chilli gestures, and they get up, spin their way over to the back fence.  Pat boosts Bandit over it, then jumps after him, escaping to Pat's yard.
Pat: Whoop!
Chilli: Bingo, magic should only be used to help people.
Bluey: We were helping. We were helping them learn to dance!
Chilli: Bluey!
Scene: Chilli throws out her hands.  Bluey does a cartwheel, landing on her back.
Bluey: Ohh!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bluey: Okay, okay. No more cheekiness.
Chilli: Thank you.
Scene: Chilli releases Bluey, and turns to leave.  Even darker, more ominous clouds gather in the sky.  Bluey stands up behind Chilli.
Bluey: Starting tomorrow!
Scene: Bluey throws her arms to the side, spinning Chilli in circles around the back yard.  Bingo giggles.
Chilli: Ooh ooh ooh oooh!
Bluey: It should be up to us how we use our magic! If we want to be cheeky,
Scene: then we can be cheeky!
Chilli: It's not your magic—
Scene: Bluey makes her do the bee's knees part of the Charleston.
Chilli: —it's everyone's
Scene: Bluey sends her running across the yard again - this time, towards a puddle of mud that Bandit and Pat have left behind from their yard work.
Chilli: Agh! A-a-a-a-a-gh!
Scene: Bluey makes her fall towards the puddle, but she catches herself with her hands.
Chilli: Huh!
Bluey: Hey! Grrrrrrr!
Scene: Bluey strains harder to force Chilli down.
Chilli: And it's stronger in some than others!
Scene: She lifts and hand and throws it at Bluey, who runs backwards across the yard.
Bluey: Aaaah!
Scene: Bluey continues running backwards into the playroom, where she runs backwards into a bean bag chair, flips over the top of it, and lands behind it.  Bluey takes cover behind the beanbag as Chilli walks into the playroom.
Chilli: Magic should be used for goodliness!
Scene: Bluey jumps out from behind the beanbag.  She flips her hands down, knocking Chilli down.
Bluey: I was using it for goodliness!
Scene: Bluey moves her right hand in a circular motion.  Chilli, still laying on the floor, runs in a circle on the kiwi rug like Curly from the Three Stooges.
Scene: Bingo was sad because YOU didn't play with her! Now she's happy!
Chilli: Nooo!
Scene: The scene cuts to the sitting room.  Bluey forces Chilli into the room.  Bingo follows, quietly.
Chilli: Whoa-oa-oa!
Bluey: Grown-ups should play with kids whenever the kids want!
Scene: She throws Chilli forwards.  Chilli vaults over the couch and lands on the floor behind it.
Chilli: Whoa...ugh!
Scene: Bluey darts around the side of the couch, and throws her hands out.
Bluey: Ha-yah!
Scene: Chilli is already gone. Her tail disappears around the other side of the couch.
Bluey: Huh?
Scene: Chilli stands up on the other side of the couch and freezes Bluey.  Bluey poses, standing on one leg, holding her tail in one hand with the other up her nose.
Chilli: Grown-ups can't just drop everything and play when kids ask them to.
Scene: Chilli motions, and Bluey jumps over the back of the couch to land on the cushions.
Chilli: Huah!
Scene: Bluey grunts and then laughs.  She throws a hand out at Chilli
Bluey: Grr!
Scene: Chilli throws herself backwards and skids across the floor.
Chilli: Ohh!
Scene: Chilli throws a hand out at Bluey.
Chilli: Whop!
Scene: Bluey rolls off the cushions onto the floor.
Bluey: Agh!
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Bingo: Why not?
Chilli: Because then who will do all the chores, like cleaning the house
Scene: and making the dinners?
Scene: Bluey leaps up onto the sofa.
Bluey: We'll ring the pizza boy!
Scene: She flings Chilli up the stairs to the landing.
Chilli: Agh! You can't just ring the pizza boy!
Scene: Bluey pushes Chilli further up the stairs.
Bluey: We can do whatever we want...
Chilli: Agh!
Bluey: ... can't we, Bingo?
Bingo: Um... I guess.
Scene: At the top of the stairs, Bluey forces Chilli into the living room, where she falls to the floor on top of Floppy.  Bluey, mad with power, starts yapping wordlessly.
Chilli: Argh! No, Bingo. Don't listen to her!
Scene: Chilli flings Floppy, hitting Bluey in the face.
Bluey: Argh!
Scene: Chilli gets up and freezes Bluey.  She poses like she's climbing a ladder.
Chilli: The pizza boy is not the solution!
Scene: Chilli flings her across the room, landing on the couch.  Bluey squeals.  She tries to get up, but she's being mystically held in place.
Bluey: Bingo, I need your help! Join your magic to mine!
Chilli: (to Bingo) People should play with you
Scene: because they want to, not because you make them.  Otherwise it's not playing!
Scene: Bluey continues straining to get up off the couch.  Bandit walks in.
Bandit: Hey, uh...is all that crazy stuff still happening?
Scene: Chilli takes her eyes off Bluey.  Bluey seizes her moment, and pulls Bandit down on top of Chilli.
Bluey: Argh!
Chilli: Oh, get off!
Bandit: It's not up to me!
Bluey: You see, Bingo? Cheeky magic always wins—Cause we've got tickling!
Scene: Bluey makes tickling motions in the air, causing Bandit to tickle Chilli.  She pins her arms to her sides, trying to block him.
Chilli: Argh!
Bandit: Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle!
Scene: Chilli laughs.
Scene: Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle!
Chilli: (laughing) Cut it out!
Bluey: Now, Bingo, ring all the pizza boys!
Bingo: Me?
Bluey: Yes, you.
Bingo: Why do I have to do it?
Bluey: Because I said so.
Bingo: You can't just tell me what to do.
Bluey: Yes, I can.
Scene: Bluey slams Bingo against the wall.
Bingo: Wah!
Bandit: Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle!
Chill: (laughing) Stop it!
Bandit: Sorry, babe, it's the magic.
Scene: Bluey howls in triumph.  Then, Bandit stands up.
Bandit: Huh?
Bluey: Huh? Who's doing that?
Scene: Bingo walks out from behind the couch.  She's the one controlling Bandit now.  Bluey gasps.
Bluey: Bingo! No!
Bingo: Hee-yah!
Scene: She flings Bandit at Bluey.
Bandit: Ohh...argh!
Scene: He crushes her into the sofa.
Bandit & Bluey: Oof!
Chilli: Hooray! Bingo joined the good side!
Scene: Bingo runs up to Chilli for a hug.  Bluey laughs and struggles under Bandit.
Bingo: Whoo!
Bandit: I am not an object!
Scene: Outside, in the backyard, the clouds have broken.  The sky is still a pale green, but the scattered clouds are tinged sunset-pink.  Bandit, Chilli, Bingo, and Bluey sit at the edge of the new grass, enjoying the feel of it on their feet.  A sprinkler has been set up to water it in.
Chilli: Well, that was a big day.
Bluey: Nice grass, Dad.
Bandit: Thanks, kid.
Scene: The doorbell rings.
Chilli: (smugly) That'll be the pizza boy.
Scene: Bluey & Bingo Hooray!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo start running for the house.
Bluey: Come on! Who's coming!
Scene: They stop, as neither Chilli or Bandit have gotten up.
Bingo: We need a grown-up.
Chilli: Off you pop.
Bandit: Actually, I'm pretty comfortable right here.
Chilli: Yeah, but you're still going.
Bandit: You gonna make me?
Scene: Chilli wiggles her fingers threateningly.
Chilli: If I have to.
Bandit: Oh, man. Okay.
Scene: Bandit stands up and brushes off some grass.
Bandit: (muttering) Wish I knew magic.
Bluey: Uh-uh!
Scene: Bandit falls back on his bum.  Chilli stands up.
Chilli: Ooh!
Bingo: That... was... cheeky.
Scene: Bingo, who has seized control of Chilli, turns her around and marches her towards the house.
Chilli: Whoa!
Scene: Bluey, Bingo, and Bandit all giggle.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: A brassy arrangement of the episode music plays over the end credits.  Green leaves blow across the screen, in front of the credits.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts at the Gold Coast, where Chris's house is. The shot cuts inside Nana's house, where Bandit and Stripe have dropped off the kids Bluey, Bingo, Muffin, and Socks. Bluey is trying on her nana's glasses, Socks is playing with Nana's tail, and Muffin and Bingo are chasing after each other, orbiting around her. Bluey gives Nana her glasses back and joins the two.
Bandit: Okay Mum, at least try and limit the amount of ice blocks to a reasonable number.
Nana: Okay, got it!
Stripe: Right, let's go!
Bandit: See 'ya, kids! Be good to Nana!
Bluey Heeler, Bingo, Muffin Heeler: Bye!
Scene: Nana closes the door as the two exit. The kids look to her.
Bluey, Bingo, Muffin: Ice blocks!
Nana: Yeah!
Scene: The shot cuts outside the apartment, with all four children enjoying their ice blocks and Muffin holding Socks so she can eat hers.
Bluey: Nana?
Nana: Yes, sweetie?
Bluey: Why do we get lots of ice blocks at your house, but hardly any when we're at our house?
Nana: Oh, well, that's a good question!
Bingo: Finished! Can we play charades now?
Bluey & Muffin: Yeah!
Socks: Woof!
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Charades!
Scene: The shot cuts to Nana's apartment, where the all four grandchildren and Nana sit on the couch. Nana is sorting through the charade cards.
Muffin: What's charades?
Bluey: It's easy, Muffin! First, you pick a card...
Bingo: But don't let anyone see it, okay?
Muffin: Okay!
Socks: Woof woof!
Bluey: Then, you look at the picture on it!
Scene: The card shows a picture of a duck.
Bluey: Okay, got it.
Muffin: What's on the card?
Bingo: No, Muffin!
Muffin: I need to see it!
Scene: Muffin gets up and tries to pull the card box out of Nana's hands. Bluey and Bingo panic while Socks barks playfully.
Nana: Oh- uh, no sweetie! We don't look at it! Bluey's going to act it out!
Bingo: And then we guess what it is!
Muffin: Ohhh!
Scene: Bluey runs in front of the table.
Bluey: Okay, ready?
Bingo, Nana and Muffin: Ready!
Scene: Bluey proceeds to act out being a duck, walking in circles.
Muffin: Uhhh, eagle!
Nana: Ohhh, it's a...bush turkey!
Bingo: Ibis!
Muffin: Squirrel!
Bluey: Nope!
Nana: Brolga!
Bingo: Chicken!
Nana: What about you, Socks?
Scene: Socks whines, unable to guess.
Bingo: Duck!
Bingo, Muffin, Nana: Hooray!
Nana: Good one, Bingo!
Bingo: Ooh, my turn!
Muffin: I want a turn!
Scene: Bingo and Muffin fight over the card box. Nana stops Muffin as they try to pull it away from each other.
Nana: Maybe just watch one more, sweetie!
Muffin: Okay, nana!
Nana: Go on, Bingo, pick a card!
Scene: Bingo picks a ballerina card and squeals as she runs up. The shot shows us what the card is, and she sets it down after memorizing it.
Bingo: Ooh, this is a good one! You ready?
Bluey, Muffin, Nana: Ready!
Scene: Bingo proceeds to act out being a ballerina.
Nana: Uhhh...circle!
Bluey: Donut!
Bingo: Nope.
Nana: The sun!
Muffin: Squirrel!
Bingo: Uh-uh!
Muffin: Chicken!
Bingo: Nope.
Bluey: A dancer!
Bingo: Close!
Nana: Ooh, what do you think, Socks?
Scene: Socks whines, again not being able to guess.
Muffin: CHICKEN!
Bluey: I know! Ballerina!
Bingo: Yeah!
Nana: Hooray!
Muffin: Good one, Bluey!
Scene: Socks whines, saddened by being unable to play properly.
Nana: Oh, never mind, Socks!
Muffin: It's my turn!
Nana: Okay, Muffin, your turn! Are you sure you know how to do it?
Scene: Muffin runs up to the front, and Bingo goes to sit down.
Nana: Pick a card! Okay now, take a look!
Scene: Muffin looks down at her card. She gets a frog card.
Nana: Now act it out!
Muffin: I don't want a frog card. I want the ballerina card!
Nana: Oh. Uhh...well...
Bluey: Muffin, you have to do the one on the card!
Muffin: BUT I WANT TO DO THE BALLERINA!
Nana: O-oh, okay! Bluey, why don't you look through the box for the ballerina card?
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey looks through the card box.
Muffin: Thanks, Bluey!
Bluey: ...Hang on. Won't we know that Muffin is a ballerina?
Nana: Oh, y-yeah, but we'll play along for the littlies, okay?
Bluey: Oh, okay nana!
Nana: Almost there, Muffin!
Muffin: Okay, nana!
Bluey: I can't find it!
Muffin: Keep looking!
Scene: Bluey pulls a car card out.
Bluey: What about a car?
Bingo: Ooh! Would you like to be a car, Muffin? You can do this!
Scene: Bingo rolls on her back, attempting to emulate a car.
Muffin: That's a squirrel!
Nana: Give me those cards, Bluey!
Bluey: That's not a car!
Bingo: Yeah it is!
Bluey: A car's like this!
Scene: Bluey mimics movement of a steering wheel.
Bingo: That's a steering wheel!
Nana: It must be in here somewhere...
Muffin: I don't want to be a car! I want to be a--
Nana: Ballerina!
Bluey, Bingo: Hooray!
Nana: There you go, Muffin!
Scene: She gives Muffin the ballerina card.
Muffin: Thanks, nana!
Nana: Okay, off 'ya go!
Scene: Muffin stares at the card, an angry expression still plastered on her face.
Muffin: I NEED A TUTU!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo groan in annoyance, with Socks and Nana simply looking annoyed. Nana thinks of a quick solution.
Nana: O-oh, um...Bluey! Go and check Nana's dress-up box for a tutu!
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off to Nana's room.
Nana: Quickly! She's going to blow her top!
Scene: The shot cuts to Bluey and Bingo in Nana's dress-up room. They look around in the box on the ground.
Bluey: Ooh. Confetti.
Scene: She rummages through the stuff.
Bluey: Pirate...princess...-
Bingo: Tutu!
Scene: The shot cuts back to the living room. Muffin waits impatiently, and Nana is petting Socks. Bluey and Bingo run in.
Bluey: Here's the tutu, Muffin!
Muffin: Thanks, Bluey!
Nana: Oh, good one, girls!
Bluey: Put your legs through, Muffin!
Muffin: I'm trying!
Bingo: That's your arm!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo help Muffin into her tutu.
Nana: Push...Yeah, that's it!
Scene: After some struggling they manage to get Muffin's tutu on.
Bluey, Bingo and Muffin: Hooray!
Nana: Okay...off 'ya go!
Scene: Muffin stands still for a brief moment, ready to act out a ballerina...
Muffin: I need ballerina music!
Scene: Bluey, Bingo and Nana groan in annoyance.
Bluey, Bingo: Muffin!
Nana: How about I sing you some?
Scene: She starts singing, only for Muffin to get angered.
Muffin: NO! IT NEEDS TO BE PROPER BALLERINA MUSIC!
Bluey: You don't need music, Muffin! You just need--
Muffin: I WANT MUSIC!
Bluey: Okay!
Nana: O-oh, um...Oooh, I know! Bluey, Bingo, come with me!
Scene: The shot cuts to Nana's bedroom, where she grabs a music box on the table.
Nana: Did you know that I was given this music box by my nana?
Bluey: You mean you had a nana?
Nana: I did! A long time ago.
Bingo: Hang on. We all know Muffin is going to be a ballerina.
Nana: Well yes, I guess we do.
Bingo: But that's not the proper rules!
Nana: You're right, Bingo. But that's what Muffin wants.
Bingo: I don't understand!
Nana: Well, you know what? At Nana's house, I guess there's only one rule.
Bluey, Bingo: What's that?
Nana: Everyone gets what they want!
Bluey & Bingo: Oh yeah!
Scene: The shot cuts back to the living room. Muffin waits impatiently and Socks staring nervously at her. Bluey, Bingo and Nana enter!
Bluey: We got the music!
Nana: Okay. You ready, Muffin?
Muffin: Ready!
Nana: You ready, Socks?
Socks: Woof woof!
Nana: You ready, girls?
Bluey & Bingo: Ready, Nana!
Nana: Okay, let's go!
Bluey: Nana?
Nana: Yes, Bluey?
Bluey: Was your nana a nice nana?
Scene: Nana looks down at the music box, a sincere smile on her face.
Nana: She was about the nicest nana you would ever wanna meet, Bluey.
Scene: Nana opens the music box, and begins winding it to create sound. With the music going and the room falling silent, Muffin begins dancing.
Bingo: Hey Nana? When she's finished, should we pretend that we didn't know what she was?
Nana: Good idea, Bingo!
Bluey: Cause we have to take care of the littlies!
Nana: That's right!
Muffin: Shush!
Scene: Nana smiles and continues playing the music box. Soon, the music comes to a close.
Bluey, Bingo, Nana: Hooray! Good one, Muffin!
Scene: They throw confetti and Muffin smiles.
Muffin: Can you guess what I was?
Bluey, Bingo and Nana: ' Uhh...any idea? What was Muffin...?
Socks: Ballerina!
Bluey, Bingo, Nana: Hooray! Good one, Socks!
Scene: The episode pans out, showing the outside sunset as the children laugh laugh and Socks barking.
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: The credits music is a joyful and complete version of the episode's main soundtrack.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a view of the Heeler home. In the playroom, Bingo and Bandit are sitting on the kiwi rug, facing each other. Bluey lays across Bandit's lap.
Bandit: Ladies and gentlemen, I will now play for you: the Rondo Alla Turca.
Scene: Bandit cracks his knuckles and clears his throat as Bluey giggles. Then he starts 'playing' all over her, vocalizing the third movement of Mozart's Piano Sonata No. 11 as Bluey giggles and fidgets while she gets tickled. Bluey manages to flee, but Bandit tries to hold her down, getting dragged as she continues to crawl.
Bandit: Hey! Piano! Ladies and... gentlemen, I’m terribly sorry, I seem to be having a little bit of trouble with my piano!
Scene: Bandit finally gets Bluey back onto his lap, then proceeds to keep 'playing' all over her, repeating the same thing he did previously.
Bingo: Dad, I want to be the piano.
Bluey: No, it’s still my turn!
Bandit: Taking turns can be difficult.
Bingo: Dad, she’s had this many turns.
Scene: Bingo holds up five fingers and a foot.
Bandit: You can be the bum bongos!
Scene: Bandit proceeds to picks Bingo up and begins clapping her bottom, while vocalizing bongo sounds.
Bandit: ♫ Bum bumba bum, bum bongos! ♫
Scene: Bluey starts to dance as Bingo giggles.
Bandit: ♫ Bum bumba bum, bum bongos! Bum bumba bum, bum bongos! Bum bumba bum, bum bongos! ♫
Scene: Chilli walks in.
Chilli: Ooh, island rhythms!
Scene: Chilli joins in dancing. Bandit continues to play the bum bongos as Bingo laughs and Chilli and Bluey dance.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: The Magic Xylophone!
Scene: Back in the playroom, Bandit is exercising his legs as Bluey holds onto them. Meanwhile, Bingo is looking in the bucket full of musical instruments.
Bingo: Where are the real bongos?
Scene: Bingo gasps at something and digs it out from the bucket.
Bingo: Bluey, look!
Scene: Bingo holds up a tiny xylophone for everyone in the room to see.
Bandit: Huh? Oh nooo...!
Scene: Bandit attempts to run, but Bluey manages to hold him down.
Bluey: Quick, Bingo! Get the dinger thing!
Bandit: Let me up! Let me out of here! Aaah!
Scene: Bingo manages to dig out the mallet.
Bingo: Got it!
Bluey: Do a ding!
Bingo: Freeze!
Scene: Bingo dings the xylophone with the mallet, making Bandit freeze.
Bluey, Bingo: (giggle) Yeah! The Magic Xylophone!
Scene: Giggling, Bluey and Bingo adjust Bandit's arms and mouth so that he's smiling with a thumbs up while picking his nose. Chilli walks in, packing a bag.
Bluey: Mum, come look at this!
Chilli: Oh look, it's just like when we first met...
Scene: Bluey picks up the Magic Xylophone and the mallet.
Bluey: Unfreeze!
Scene: Ding! Bandit unfreezes, Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: (grunts) What? How did I get fingers up my nose? Ah, the Magic Xylophone. Gimme that xylophone!
Scene: Bandit attempts to chase Bluey.
Bluey: Freeze!
Bandit: Gimme that x—!
Scene: Ding! Bandit freezes again. Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bluey: Bingo! Let's get the pens!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo drag chairs from the dining room, both giggling. Back in the playroom, Bluey draws on Bandit's face with pens.
Bluey: (fancy voice) Oh, what a splendid moustache you have!
Scene: By now, Bandit has a deer antler hat, a sock on his tail, and Bingo is putting a fuzzy scarf on his neck.
Bingo: (fancy voice) Ooh, lovely.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo walk to in front of Bandit.
Bingo: Is it my turn to unfreeze him?
Scene: Bingo lightly grabs the mallet, which Bluey ignores.
Bluey: Unfreeze!
Scene: Ding! Bandit stumbles.
Bandit: Ugh! Oh, what? Argh, you kids! Grr!
Bluey: Run!
Scene: Bandit chases the kids outside the house as they giggle.
Bandit: Give me that magic xylophone!
Scene: Bandit catches up and grabs Bluey.
Bandit: Gotcha!
Scene: Bluey screams as she's caught, then dings the Xylophone. Bandit freezes.
Bandit: D'ah...
Bluey: Ha-ha, too slow, Mr. Moustache!
Bingo: Bluey, you're taking all the turns freezing.
Bluey: C'mon, Bingo. Let's get the teddies!
Bingo: (annoyed) Okay...
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off, leaving Bandit frozen in place. Chloe's Mum walks by with a stroller, slowing while passing by him, then hurrying away, very weirded out. Bluey and Bingo return, putting teddies in Bandit's arms while giggling. Chilli walks over with her bag.
Chilli: I'm off to work!
Bluey: Mum, Mum! Look at Dad now!
Scene: Chilli examines Bandit.
Chilli: This loose hair's been bugging me all morning.
Scene: Chilli pricks out one of Bandit's loose eyebrow hairs, making him flinch. She then kisses Bandit on the cheek, pats him, and leaves.
Bluey: Ok, I'll unfreeze him.
Bingo: I wanna do it. Mum, Bluey's not letting me have any turns.
Chilli: Bluey, if you don't take turns with people, people won't take turns with you.
Bluey: But Bingo is too slow. Dad will catch her.
Bingo: No, I'm not!
Chilli: You can either take turns, or I'll bring the xylophone to work with me. (aside) I'll freeze my boss.
Bluey, Bingo: No!
Bandit: (muffled noises of protest)
Chilli: Well, you know what to do, then. I'll see you later, just make sure you unfreeze him for toilet breaks, ok?
Bluey, Bingo: Ok!
Scene: Chilli drives off, giving the kids a horn honk. Bluey gives Bingo the Xylophone and guides her to stand a few metres behind Bandit.
Bluey: Here, Bingo. But stand right back here. That way you can get a head start. He runs really fast when he's mad.
Bingo: Okay. Unfreeze!
Scene: Ding! Bandit throws the teddies up into the air, confused, before spotting Bingo and Bluey giggling behind him.
Bandit: (splutters, gasps) THERE YOU ARE! GRRRHH!
Bluey: Run, Bingo! Back inside!
Scene: Bandit chases Bluey and Bingo into the kids' bedroom.
Bandit: (off screen) Bingo! Bluey! Come back here!
Scene: Bingo and Bluey crawl under Bluey's bed, just before Bandit enters the room
Bandit: Where are they? I can't find them anywhere!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: Huh, maybe they went downstairs.
Scene: Bandit stomps his foot and leaves. Cut to the hallway, where Bluey and Bingo are tiptoeing past a closet.
Bluey: (whispering) I can't hear him. I think we should freeze him just in case.
Scene: Bingo nods.
Bluey: (whispering) Give me the Xylophone.
Scene: Bluey attempts to take the Xylophone from Bingo.
Bingo: No, I want to freeze him! You've had all the freezing turns!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo tug-o-war, trying to get the Xylophone.
Bluey: Bingo! Let go!
Scene: As they both scream and grunt, it is revealed Bandit is hiding in the top of the closet. Seeing his chance, he jumps down to the kids.
Bandit: FREEDOM!
Scene: Bandit lands, causing the mallet and Xylophone to fly high up and into Bandit's hands. He laughs a villainous laugh.
Bandit: You ding-dongs were too busy squabbling! FREEZE!
Scene: Ding! Bluey freezes, and Bandit villainously laughs again. Bingo runs away, screaming.
Bandit: FREEZE! FREEZE! FREEZE!
Scene: Bandit laughs again.
Bandit: Never mind, she'll keep. Nowww... look at this lovely new garden gnome!
Scene: Bandit puts a gnome hat on Bluey and carries her out to the front, laughing more.
Bandit: Ah, this is the perfect spot. Oh, wait a minute... it's got a little bit of felt pen on the fingers. Probably from some mischief!
Scene: He pokes Bluey.
Bandit: I'd better get the hose.
Bluey: (muffled noises of protest)
Scene: Bandit walks off, leaving the Xylophone and mallet. Just after he does, Bingo comes out of the bush next to Bluey.
Bluey: (muffled speech)
Scene: Bingo grabs the Xylophone and mallet.
Bingo: (whispers) Unfreeze!
Scene: Ding! Bluey unfreezes and takes off the hat.
Bluey: Thanks, Bingo! Dad's going to get the hose! Let's go and hi-
Scene: As Bluey attempts to take the Xylophone from Bingo again, Bingo dings the Xylophone and freezes Bluey again.
Bingo: Bluey, you always never take turns with me. You just take all of the turns! And it makes me feel sad. I will unfreeze you if you promise you will let me have turns too. Blink two times if yes.
Scene: Pause. Cut to Bandit, carrying the running hose towards the front lawn.
Bandit: ♫ Gonna hose my dirty garden gnome, gonna hose it good. ♫
Scene: Bingo is hiding in the background. Cut to Bluey, in the same spot but a different frozen pose.
Bandit: Okay, time for a little bath, garden gnome!
Bluey: Ngh! Ngghh!
Scene: Behind Bandit, Bingo kinks the hose to stop the water
Bandit: Ooo, ya! ...Huh?
Scene: As Bandit looks into the hose, Bluey pulls out the mallet, revealing she was pretending to be frozen.
Bluey: FREEZE!
Scene: Ding! Bandit freezes.
Bluey: We tricked you! Bingo unfroze me. I was just pretending! NOW, BINGO!
Scene: Bingo unkinks the hose, causing Bandit to be sprayed in the face by water. Bluey and Bingo laugh happily. A few birds watch the antics from a telephone wire as Bluey and Bingo sit on the front stairs, watching Bandit burbling as he gets sprayed. Bluey hands the Xylophone and mallet over to Bingo.
Bluey: Here, Bingo. You can unfreeze him.
Bingo: Thanks, Bluey.
Scene: Bingo goes to unfreeze Bandit but stops herself.
Bingo: Not just yet. I like the daddy water fountain.
Scene: Bluey puts an arm around Bingo's shoulder and the two silently giggle as Bandit continues to be sprayed.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the Rondo Alla Turca with Bandit vocalizing over it. Bluey is dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heelers' house in daytime.
Scene: In the sun-room, Bingo hides behind the wicker chair, holding a biscuit.  She giggles.
Bingo: (singsong) I'm going to eat you.
Scene: Someone taps on the window.
Chilli: Bingo.
Scene: The camera pulls back - Chilli is right outside the window, on top of a ladder.  She's been cleaning the windows.
Bingo: Aah!
Scene: Chilli resumes cleaning the window with a squeegee.
Chilli: I didn't say you could have a biscuit. Put it back.
Bingo: Sorry.
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Chilli: You're being a bit of a cheeky kid today.
Bingo: I'm not a cheeky kid.
Chilli: I know. You're a good kid.
Bingo: But you just called me cheeky.
Chilli: No, I said you're being cheeky. There's a difference.
Bingo: (upset) No, there isn't.
Scene: Bingo slumps and walks away.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo.
Scene: In the kids' bedroom, Bingo lies down and sulks on the watermelon rug.
Bingo: I'm in a bad mood. Nothing's going to cheer me up. Nothing at all.
Scene: Bingo spots a horned helmet under Bluey's bed.  She gasps and brightens up.
Scene: In the kitchen, Bandit opens the dishwasher.  He examines a glass.
Bandit: They're still dirty?!
Scene: Bingo runs up behind him, holding the helmet.
Bingo: Dad!
Bandit: Oh, hi, Bingo—
Scene: He spots the helmet.
Bandit: Aw, no, not Bad Mood.
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called: Bad Mood.
Scene: In the playroom, Bluey puts the finishing touches on a tower of blocks.
Scene: Bandit stomps in, glowering.  He's wearing the helmet, and he's controlling Bingo by holding her hands in his hands, while she stands on his feet.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo, check out my tower.
Scene: Bandit makes wordless, angry noises as Bad Mood Bingo leaves a trail of destruction.  First, they knock over Bluey's tower.
Bandit: Uuooh!
Scene: Then, they grab a teddy bear and swing it, knocking Bluey down too.
Bandit: Eeaah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo both laugh.
Bluey: Bingo, what are you doing?
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo punts the teddy bear out the door, into the bushes outside.
Bandit: Hup!  Umph!
Bingo: (laughing) I can't help it.
Scene: Bandit starts stomping towards the back yard, kicking over the last few blocks standing as he does.
Bandit: Umph!
Bingo: (laughing) I'm in a bad mood.
Scene: In the side yard, Chilli is hanging linens on the clothesline.  Bad Mood Bingo stomps up to her.
Chilli: Oh, hi, Bingo.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo kicks over the washing basket, scattering linens on the lawn.
Bandit: Waauauagh!
Scene: They tear a sheet off the line and toss it over Chilli's head.
Bandit: Waauagh!
Chilli: Aah!
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo stomps over to the other side of the washing line while Bingo laughs.  Chilli peeks out from under the sheet.  She seems amused.
Chilli: Bingo, what's gotten into you?
Bingo: (laughing) It's not me.
Scene: Bluey runs up to them.
Bluey: Mum, Bingo knocked down my tower.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo picks up a pair of jocks and throws them in Bluey's face.
Bandit: Uaaaah!
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: She hastily pulls it off her face.
Bluey: Dad's stinky jock!
Chilli: This isn't like you, Bingo.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo starts stomping on a mushroom, over and over.
Bingo: (laughing) It's not my fault.
Bluey: Wait, I know what's going on.
Chilli: What?
Bluey: Bingo's in a bad mood.
Chilli: Oh, yeah. Well, we have to help her get out of it.
Bluey: How do we do that?
Chilli: I'm not sure, but you have to think of something, Bluey.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo is swinging a sock around.  She throws it.
Bandit: Uaghagh!
Chilli: She's tearing the place apart!
Bluey: Okay, let's do this, Bingo.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo is gone.
Bluey: Bingo?
Scene: In the living room, Bad Mood Bingo is laying down on the couch.  They turn on the television.  It's showing the cricket game.  Bluey runs in from the sun-room.
Bluey: Aah! Bingo, Mum didn't say you could watch TV.
Bingo: (laughing) It's not me, it's my bad mood. I don't even like cricket.
Bluey: I'll take that.
Scene: Bluey confiscates the remote control.  Bad Mood Bingo stands up and throws a couch cushion on the ground.
Bandit: Uaaagh!  Ugh!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh as Bad Mood Bingo stomps out of the room.
Bluey: Hey, Bingo, come back.
Scene: In the kitchen, Bad Mood Bingo opens the fridge.  Bingo spots a bar of chocolate.
Bingo: Ooh.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo takes it and closes the fridge. Bingo tries to take a bite, and then again - but Bandit keeps moving it out of biting range.
Bluey: Bingo, you're eating treat food.
Bingo: It's not me. My bad mood is making me eat chocolate.
Scene: Bluey snatches the chocolate. Bingo and Bandit gasp.
Bluey: Stop it. You'll get a tummy ache.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo stomps their feet in frustration.  Bingo laughs.
Bandit: Grrrrr!
Scene: Bad Mood Bandit swats at the fridge, knocking a handful of magnets to the floor.
Bandit: Ugh!
Scene: They stomp out of the room.  Bingo laughs as they go.
Bluey: Ugh. Come on, Bluey, think. What gets me out of a bad mood? Ooh, I know.
Scene: In the office, Bad Mood Bingo is repeatedly kicking the yoga ball against the chest.  Bluey enters, pushing Bingo's relaxer chair.
Bluey: (sing-song) Yoo-hoo, Bad Mood Bingo.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo stops to look at her.
Bluey: Fancy a little sit in your relaxer chair?
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo gives the yoga ball a big kick, sending it out of frame.
Bandit: Oogh!
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo stomps over and sits down in the chair (with Bandit sitting cross-legged behind it.
Bluey: Now, how about we close our eyes and take some relaxing belly breaths?
Scene: She closes her eyes and holds her arms out to the side.
Bluey: Deep breath in.
Scene: Bluey moves her arms in a circular motion to her stomach.  Bandit makes Bingo scratch her head.  She giggles.
Bluey: All the way to your belly—stop fidgeting, honey. And out.
Scene: She moves her arms back to her sides.
Bluey: Isn't that relaxing?
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo is wiggling the door back and forth, making the hinges creak.
Bluey: Best not to creak the door, honey.
Scene: They keep going.
Bluey: Sweetheart—
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo leaps to their feet, knocks over the relaxer chair, and stomps out of the room.  Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bluey: Well, that didn't work.
Scene: In the playroom, Bad Mood Bingo is stomping on an echidna toy.  It squeaks with each stomp, like a chew toy.
Bandit: Unh! Unh! Umph! Urr!
Bluey: Hey, Bingo, maybe you'd like to draw some lovely pictures?
Scene: She gestures to a low table with paper and crayons.  Bad Mood Bingo walks closer.
Bluey: That always helps me when I'm in a bad mood.
Scene: Bluey puts the finishing touches on a drawing of a purple unicorn.
Bluey: Look at this happy unicorn.
Scene: Bluey slides the drawing over to Bad Mood Bingo.
Bluey: Perhaps you'd like to add something lovely to it.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo grabs a brown crayon and quickly scribbles on the drawing.  He's given the unicorn an angry face, and drawn a big pile of unicorn poo, complete with flies.  Bingo laughs.
Bluey: (taken aback) Oh, goodness. Well, that's... lovely.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo balls up the drawing and throws it over Bluey's head.  She ducks.
Bingo: (laughing) I'm sorry, Bluey.
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Scene: In the hall toilet, Bad Mood Bingo is angrily unrolling the toilet paper.
Bandit: Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh!
Scene: As they finish off the roll of toilet paper, Bluey sets a boom box down in the hall.
Bluey: (sing-song) Oh, Bingo.
Scene: She presses a button on the jukebox.  Lollipop Yum Yum Yum begins to play.  It's saccharine, repetitive, and features heavily pitch-shifted vocals.
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Bluey: What's this, your favourite song?
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Bluey: Doesn't it make you want to dance?
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo hits the button, stopping the music.  Bingo laughs.
Bandit: Hmph.
Scene: Bluey slides the speaker away.
Bluey: Hey.
Scene: She presses the button again, and the music starts.
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Scene: Bluey starts dancing.
Bluey: Dance with me, Bingo. You love this song.
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Scene: Bingo laughs.  She struggles against Bandit's grip on her arms.
Bingo: (laughing) I want to dance, but something's stopping me.
Scene: Bluey continue dancing.
Bluey: No one can stay in a bad mood while this song is on.
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Scene: Bandit shakes his head.
Bandit: Uooghoohoo!
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Bandit: Urghrararara!
Bluey: Maybe it just needs to be louder.
Scene: She cranks up the volume.  Bingo laughs.
Bandit: Ruuugh!
Scene: Bandit, clutches the sides of his head.
Bluey: Bingo, you're free. Run!
Bandit: Rughrururuh!
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run down the hall.
Bluey: Quick, we have to get away before your bad mood comes back.
Scene: Bluey runs into the bathroom, and hides in the shower stall.
Bluey: Let's hide in here, Bingo.
Scene: She looks over the shower stall railing.
Bluey: Bingo?
Scene: Back in the hallway, Bandit is stomping along after them.  Bingo runs up to him.  Their eyes meet, and then Bingo narrows her eyes mischievously.  She voluntarily climbs back into the Bad Mood's control.  She laughs.
Scene: Bluey peeks around the bathroom door frame.
Bluey: Bingo?
Scene: She steps out into the hall.
Bluey: Bingo, where are you?
Scene: Bingo's doll Poppy hits Bluey in the back of the head with a squeak.
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: She turns around, seeing Bad Mood Bingo.
Bluey: What? Bingo, you're back in your bad mood.
Bingo: (laughing) Yeah!
Bluey: But I got you out of it. Why'd you get back in?
Bingo: Um...
Scene: Bandit sticks Bingo's finger up her nose, then holds it out, threatening Bluey.  Bingo laughs.
Bluey: Boogers!
Scene: Bluey runs away, and Bad Mood Bingo runs after her.
Scene: Back in the side yard, Chilli is hanging the linens back up.  Bluey leaps over the laundry basket and then takes cover behind it.
Bluey: Mum, I got Bingo out of her bad mood!
Chilli: Well done.
Bluey: But she just went back in it.
Chilli: What?!
Bluey: Then she chased me with her boogers.
Chilli: Ohhh, I've seen this before. She must like being in a bad mood.
Bluey: Why would anyone like being in a bad mood?
Chilli: I dunno.
Scene: In a cutaway to Bandit and Chilli's bedroom, Bad Mood Bingo is jumping on the bed while attempting to smash an inflatable electric guitar on it.
Chilli: So what are we meant to do?
Bluey: Ooh, that's tricky. Um... Oh, I got an idea.
Scene: She whispers a plan to Chilli.
Scene: In the playroom, Bad Mood Bingo has teed up the echidna toy on a construction block.  They swing a toy rolling pin like a golf club.  It squeaks as it sails off into the distance.
Bluey: Oh, wow, this is the best house I've ever made.
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo spots Bluey, admiring a house made out of sculpting clay.  It's resting on a suspiciously lumpy object, covered in a sheet.
Bluey: Oh, I'm so happy with it. I hope it lasts forever.
Scene: The Bad Mood, enraged, shakes Bingo back and forth.  She laughs.
Bandit: Raaaagh, Ooough!
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo charges Bluey with the rolling pin.
Bingo: No, bad mood.
Bluey: Oh, I might just wander over here now.
Scene: Bluey walks behind the sheet-covered object.  Bad Mood Bingo runs up, and takes a swing with the rolling pin, which misses.
Bandit: Errrr oough!
Scene: The sheet-covered object moved out of the way.  As the sheet falls away, it's revealed to be the pedal car.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: Bluey taunts them as she drives around the yard.
Bluey: If you want to squash my house, you gotta catch it first!
Scene: Bad Mood Bingo stomps their feet in frustration.  Bingo laughs.  They take off running after Bingo.
Bandit: Arrrrrgh!
Scene: Bluey laughs as Bad Mood Bingo comes up behind her.  Bandit is already panting.  He rapidly loses ground, wheezing.
Bluey: Haha! Bad moods hate running around.
Scene: Exhausted, Bandit give sup on the chase and lays down on the ground.  Bingo laughs.
Bandit: Uuuuuugh.
Bluey: Come on, Bingo!
Scene: She tries to pull him away.  Bandit loses his grip, but Bingo holds on to his hand.
Bingo: No, I want to stay with my bad mood.
Scene: Bluey pulls on Bingo, as Bandit and Bingo struggle to maintain their grip.
Bluey & Bandit: Hrrrgh!
Scene: Bluey wins the tug of war.  She squeals as she stumbles backwards.
Bluey: Aah!
Scene: Bluey carries Bingo over to the paulownia tree.  Bingo is still reaching out for the Bad Mood.
Bluey: Mum, I got her out!
Scene: Chilli comes running up.  She's wearing a sun hat with a floral decoration.  She holds out her arms.
Chilli: Give her here.
Scene: Chilli takes control of Bingo, holding her arms like Bandit was earlier.
Bingo: Hmm?
Chilli: Whaddaya reckon, Bingo? Now you're in a good mood.
Scene: Chilli makes Bingo jump for joy.
Chilli: Cuddle.
Scene: Good Mood Bingo hugs Bluey.
Bluey: Aww.
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Chilli: Cuddle.
Scene: Good Mood Bingo hugs the paulownia tree.  Bingo laughs.
Chilli: Cuddle.
Scene: Good Mood Bingo hugs Hecuba, the garden gnome. Bingo laughs.
Chilli: Cuddle.
Scene: Good Mood Bingo hugs the pedal car. Bingo laughs.
Bingo: Maybe I should give my bad mood a cuddle.
Scene: Bandit is curled up on the ground, hugging his knees.
Bandit: (sadly) Aoooh.
Bluey: No way. He's bad.
Bingo: No, he isn't.
Scene: Bingo, by herself, walks up to Bandit.  She climbs onto him.
Bingo: He was just behaving bad.
Scene: She gives him a big hug.
Bingo: Mmmm.
Bandit: Mmm.
Scene: Bandit smiles, and Bingo's tail wags.  The horned helmet falls off.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: A more abrasive arrangement of Lollipop Yum Yum Yum plays over the end credits as Bluey dances.  The singer has a hoarse burr to their voice, and meows over previously instrumental portions of the song.
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
Singer: ♫ yum yum yum, nya-nya-nya-nya-nya-nya! ♫
Singer: ♫ yum-yum yum yum, nya-nya-nya-nya-nya-nya! ♫
Singer: ♫ Lollipop, lollipop, yum yum yum! ♫
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the foyer.  Bluey and Bandit are playing Snap on the floor.  Chilli is sitting in the armchair, and Bingo is sitting in her lap.
Bandit: Snap! Ha-ha! Yeah!
Bluey: Oh, you win every time!
Bandit: 'Cause you're too slow.
Bingo: You need to let Bluey win sometimes.
Bandit: Why would I do that?
Chilli: Because she's a child.
Bandit: You don't want me to let you win, Bluey. Trust me.
Scene: Bandit squares the face up cards and and adds them to his pile.  The game continues.
Bluey: Why not?
Bandit: Because you'll give up trying to get better.
Chilli: And what does losing every time do?
Bandit: Nothing much.
Chilli: Oh, really? Care for a game of memory snap?
Bandit: No way! I hate memory snap.
Chilli: And why is that?
Bandit: Because I lose every time. Snap! Ha-HA!
Bluey: Ohh!
Scene: Bandit jumps up and makes snatching gestures with his hand.
Bandit: Phwoah! I'm like a mongoose.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Chilli: You're a goose, alright.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called: Obstacle Course.
Scene: In the backyard, Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo have set up an obstacle course.
Chilli: Go, Bingo!
Scene: Bingo tries to bounce over the yoga ball, but bounces back.  Bluey bounces over it.
Bingo: Op!
Bluey: Whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo!
Chilli: Whoo! Go, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey climbs and then slides down a plastic slide.
Bluey: Whoop!
Scene: Bluey dodges between some garden gnomes, set up like cones.  She knocks one over.
Bluey: Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh!
Scene: She crawls under a broom, laid across the backs of two chairs.
Bluey: Ugh!
Scene: She crawls through an cardboard box with the top and bottom open.
Bluey: Uh!
Scene: She vaults over the rim of a wading pool, then vaults out the other side.
Bluey: Hup!
Scene: She jumps over a rake, laid on the bottom of two flower pots.  She knocks it down.
Bluey: Ut!
Scene: She rounds a flamingo, and starts heading back the other way.  She crawls under the trampoline.
Bluey: Huh!
Scene: 'Chilli lays a jump rope down in front of Bluey.  Bluey tries to walk on it like a balance beam, but steps off repeatedly.
Chilli: Go! Go! Go! Up the rope! Up the rope!
Scene: Bluey climbs a rope ladder hanging from a branch of the poinciana.
Bluey: And touch!
Bandit: Hey, have you kids seen my green...ball.
Bluey: Look, Dad! We set up an obstacle course!
Bingo: Do you want to have a go?
Bandit: Righto, I'll race you. Where's the finish line?
Chilli: No-one's racing anyone. This is just for having fun!
Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: Oh, I see.
Scene: Bandit clucks and flaps his arms, doing a chicken impression.
Bandit: Bawk! Buk-buk-buk-buk-buk-buk. Bawk!
Bluey: What are you doing?
Bandit: I'm doing chicken. Buk-buk-buk-buk-buk-buk. Bawk!
Bluey: Why is Dad acting like a chicken?
Chilli: He's saying you're scared.
Bingo: Of chickens?
Bandit: No, of racing me. (incredulous) Don't you kids know what 'chicken' means?
Chilli: No. And they don't need everything turned into a competition.
Bandit: That's loser talk. Come on. The hose is the finish line. Ready? Set.
Chilli: No! They're not racing.
Bingo: Yeah, we're happy just having fun.
Bandit: Winner gets sherbet.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo squeal.
Bluey & Bingo: Sherbet!
Bluey: Ready, set, go!
Bingo: Yah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo take off, with Bandit behind them.
Chilli: Wait!
Scene: Bandit easily vaults over the yoga ball, taking an early lead. He vaults the slide, and passes the gnomes and broom with ease, too.
Bandit: Ha-ha! I'm gonna flog ya!
Scene: Bluey is still dodging gnomes.
Bluey: Huh-huh-huh-huh!
Scene: Bingo calmly slides down the slide.
Bingo: Whee!
Scene: Bandit has already made it to the rope.  He climbs a single rung and tags the branch, then crosses the finish line.
Bandit: Yar! Yes! Dad wins!
Chilli: OK. Well done.
Bandit: Thanks. Now I might go and get my sherbet.
Bluey & Bingo: Ohh!
Chilli: Yeah, you do that. I think we've had enough Dad for one morning. Okay, let's go back to having fun.
Bluey: That was fun!
Bingo: Yeah!
Chilli: What?!
Bluey: I want another race! Can you help me beat Dad?
Bingo: Yeah, I want sherbet.
Scene: Chilli sighs.
Chilli: Okay. He won't let you win, though.
Bluey: That's true.
Chilli: There's only one thing you can do.
Bluey: Cheat!
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: Yeah— What? No. I meant practise!
Scene: The scene briefly cuts to a shot of the weathervane on the roof.  Bingo brings Bandit to the hose, holding his tube of sherbet.  Bluey and Chilli are waiting.
Bandit: You kids sure are keen to get whooped again.
Bingo: Oh, yes. We are.
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bluey: All we can do is try harder this time.
Bandit: That's the way. See, Mum? Losing doesn't stop these kids.
Chilli: It sure doesn't.
Bingo: Readysetgo!
Bandit: Hey! That was a good start, but there's no way you're gonna beat me!
Scene: Bluey ducks under the broom - which is now laying across the chair seats, not the backs.  Bandit can't fit under it.  Bluey turns around and jogs in place as she watches him try to squeeze under.
Bandit: Hey, what? This wasn't this low before.
Bluey: Ha-ha! See ya!
Scene: She runs off.
Bingo: Come on, Bluey!
Scene: Chilli shakes her head.  Bluey rounds the last obstacles and crosses the finish line while Bandit is still stuck at the broom.
Bluey: I won!
Scene: Chilli hands Bluey the sherbet.
Bingo: SHERBET!
Chilli: Give it up, big guy! It's over!
Scene: Dad gives up on fitting under the broom.
Bandit: Grr.
Scene: Bluey pours Bingo a handful of sherbet, which she licks up.  She pours some directly in her mouth.
Bingo: Oh, I love you, sherbet.
Bandit: (sarcastically) Well done, Bluey! You 'won'!
Scene: Bingo reaches out for more sherbet, but Bluey is distracted.
Chilli: What's up, Bluey? Not enjoying your sherbet?
Bluey: No.
Chilli: Tastes a bit sour, right?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Sherbet's meant to taste sour.
Bluey: I think I want to beat Dad fair and square.
Chilli: Yeah, I think you do too. Come on.
Scene: Bluey hands the sherbet back to Chilli.
Bingo: What?! NO! But we won that!
Chilli: It will taste so much sweeter when you win fair and square.
Bingo: But sherbet's not meant to be sweet.
Scene: At the yoga ball.
Chilli: OK, the key to this one: use the ball to speed you up.
Scene: She jumps over the ball, bouncing off it to gain forward momentum..
Chilli: Hup! You try.
Bingo: Readysetgo!
Scene: Bingo presses a button on the stopwatch.  Bluey jumps over the ball, bouncing off it, and tumbling to the ground.
Bluey: Huh!
Scene: Bingo presses the stopwatch again.
Bingo: Stop!
Chilli: We'll work on that.
Scene: At the slide.
Chilli: Don't waste time getting onto your bum. Just go down on your belly!
Scene: Bluey slides down on her belly.  Chilli and Bingo both wince.
Bluey: Agh!
Scene: At the ladder, Bluey climbs to the branch.
Chilli: That's it! That's it!
Bingo: That's it! That's it!
Chilli: Now, why are you climbing down?
Bandit: What do you mean?
Chilli: Will your dad spend all that time climbing down?
Bluey: No, he would just jump.
Chilli: Well, then you've got to jump.
Bluey: But it's too high!
Chilli: No, it's not.
Bingo: Come on, Bluey! Hurry!
Bluey: Isn't there an easier way to beat Dad?
Chilli: I wish there was, kid. Believe me. But, unfortunately, your dad's right: these obstacles aren't going to get out of the way by themselves.
Bluey: Okay. Huh!
Scene: She jumps down and crosses the finish line.
Chilli: Yeah!
Bingo: Stop! Zero.
Chilli: Zero!
Chilli: (to Bingo) Oh, no, you pushed the wrong button, sweetie. It's this one.
Bingo: Oh.
Bluey: Again!
Scene: In a montage, Bluey runs the obstacle course again.  Chilli runs beside her, giving advice and encouragement.  She shows Bingo which button to press on the stopwatch again.  Chilli demonstrates tightrope walking on the jumprope.  Bluey runs around the gnomes.  She runs the obstacle course again, with Chilli running beside her.
Chilli: How fast can you run?
Bluey: As fast as a greyhound!
Chilli: How fast ARE you gonna run?!
Bluey: AS FAST AS A GREYHOUND!
Scene: Bluey crosses the finish line.
Bingo: (awed) Zero.
Scene: Bandit approaches the starting line, stretching his arms.  Bluey jogs in place as Chilli gives her a pep talk.
Bandit: Alright, winds are favourable. I've inspected the track this time. No little surprises.
Chilli: (whispering) How fast can you run?
Bluey: (whispering) As fast as a greyhound.
Chilli: (whispering) How fast are you gonna run?
Bluey: (whispering) As fast as a greyhound!
Bandit: A bit more greyhound talk than last time, but that's fine.
Bluey: (formally) Father, I apologise for cheating in our last race.
Bandit: Oh, well, yeah, good. Cheaters never prosper.
Bluey: (formally) Indeed. I wish you good luck.
Scene: She offers her hand, and Bandit shakes it.
Bandit: Uh... You too.
Bingo: Ready? Set. Go!
Bluey: Huh!
Scene: Bluey vaults the yoga ball, ahead of Bandit.
Bandit: What?! How'd you learn to do that?!
Scene: She slides the slide on her belly, dodges the gnomes, ducks under the broom, crawls through the box, and splashes through the pool, staying just ahead of Bandit.
Scene: 'Bingo howls in excitement.
Chilli: That's it, Bluey. That's it.
Scene: Bluey crawls under the trampoline, still in the lead.
Bingo: Come on, Bluey!
Bandit: What the...
Bingo: Come on!
Scene: Bluey climbs the rope ladder, still barely in the lead.
Bluey: Huh! Huh! Huh!
Scene: Bandit climbs a single step and tags the branch.
Bandit: Come on, mongoose!
Scene: Bandit grunts with effort.  They sprint for the finish line.
Bluey: I'm gonna win!
Scene: Bandit grabs Bluey by the scruff of her neck and yanks her backwards.  He crosses the finish line first.
Chilli & Bingo: Hey!
Chilli: What... was that?!
Bandit: Uh... Yeah... I can't be sure.
Bingo: You cheated!
Bandit: Well... Did I?
Chilli & Bingo: Yeah!
Bandit: Ah, who can say for sure? When the mongoose is moving at full speed, you know, it's all a bit of a blur.
Chilli: I think the 'mongoose' couldn't handle losing to a child.
Bingo: You get zero.
Bandit: Alright. Alright. Rematch? Rematch? Rematch?
Scene: He points to Chilli, Bingo, and Bluey in turn.
Chilli: Bluey?
Bluey: (smugly) Let's settle it with a game of... memory snap.
Bandit: Oh, biscuits.
Scene: Back in the foyer, Bluey and Bandit are playing memory snap.  Chilli and Bingo are back in the armchair.
Bandit: Uh... Giraffe. Uh... Oh, where was that other giraffe?
Scene: He turns over a card.
Bandit: Oh, monkey?!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bluey: Giraffe, giraffe. Monkey, monkey. Eagle, eagle.
Scene: Bluey takes three pairs, leaving only two cards on the field.
Bandit: How do you do that?
Chilli: You might as well start now, Bingo.
Scene: Chilli hands Bingo the tube of sherbet.
Bingo: Hooray!
Bluey: Greyhound, greyhound. I win!
Bandit: Ughh!
Scene: [End credits]
The music from the first two obstacle course runs plays over the end credits.  Bingo walks in, holding the stopwatch.  She looks back and forth between the credits and the watch, then presses a button when Screen Queensland/Queensland Government acknowledgements appear.  She proudly holds up the stopwatch to the audience, displaying 0: 0.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts at the kitchen. Chilli is preparing dinner and is visibly stressed. Bluey is playing her recorder.
Bingo: Knock, knock.
Chilli: Bluey, that's a bit loud, honey.
Bluey: Sorry! (she continues to play her recorder)
Bingo: (she knocks on Chilli's apron) Knock, knock!
Chilli: Oh, who's there, hon?
Bingo: Potato!
Chilli: Bluey. Too loud! (to Bingo) Potato who?
Bingo: Potato drives a car to the potato shop, and... buys a potato. (laughs)
Chilli: That's a good one, Bingo.
Scene: Bluey hits a high note on her recorder.
Chilli: Bluey!
Bluey: Sorry! (she puts down the recorder])
Bingo: (she pulls on Chilli's apron) Knock, knock!
Scene: Bandit walks in.
Bandit: Hey kids, I'm back from my haircut!
Bluey and Bingo: Dad!
Scene: Bingo runs up to Bandit and hugs him.
Chilli: Right. Dinner's in the slow cooker and they've had afternoon tea. (to Bandit, serious) I need 20 minutes when no one comes near me.
Bluey: (sadly) What?
Bandit: Oh. Yep. Ok!
Scene: Chilli walks away.
Bandit: (to Bluey and Bingo) Come on, kids. Daddy-daughter time.
Bingo: Hooray!
Chilli: (offscreen) And you've got a mullet!
Bandit: She said they were back in!
Scene: Music plays.
Bluey: Is Mum ok?
Bandit: Yep.
Bluey: Did we do something wrong?
Bingo: And what's a mullet?
Bandit: (points to Bluey) No, you didn't, (points to Bingo) and it's a type of haircut that cool people are starting to get again.
Bluey: Does she wish she never had us?
Bandit: Nah, Bluey. Of course not. She just needs 20 minutes.
Pat: Ha! Nice mullet, Bandit! (laughs)
Scene: Bandit sighs.
Bluey: I'm just going to see if she's ok.
Bandit: Whoa! Hey, hey! No! Don't do that. Stay here! You can, um, watch me do the cancan!
Scene: The finale of Orpheus in Hades plays, Bandit dances the cancan.
Bandit: (to the tune of the song) Dun! Da da da da da da! Dun da da da da da!
Scene: Bingo laughs. Bluey is unamused.
Bandit: (continued) Da da da da da, da da ta ta, hey!
Scene: Orpheus in Hades ends, Bandit stops dancing.
Scene: Beat.
Bluey: I'm going to see Mum.
Bandit: No, no, no, wait. Isn't there some sort of game that you always want to play that I can't stand?
Bluey: (she smiles and wags her tail) Yes?
Bandit: Right. Well, let's play that!
Bluey: What? For real life?
Bandit: Oh, hang on. What is it again?
Bluey and Bingo: Sheep dog!!
Bandit: (bummed) Ugh, that's right.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called, Sheepdog.
Scene: The scene changes to the backyard. Bandit acts like a sheep by crawling.
Bluey: Come on, sheepdog, come on!
Scene: Bandit bleats. Bingo giggles. Bandit bleats again.
Bingo: (plucks some grass) Have some grass, sheepdog.
Bandit: (pretending to eat the grass) Chomp chomp chomp.
Bingo: No, you have to eat it for real life.
Scene: Bandit licks the grass from Bingo's hand. He spits it out and bleats.
Bluey: Aww, look at your big, fluffy coat. Ooh, let's put a ribbon in his hair.
Bingo: Ooh, yeah. Where are the ribbons?
Bluey: I don't know. I'll ask Mum.
Scene: Bluey runs towards the house. Bandit chases after her while crawling, bleating worriedly. Bandit runs in front of Bluey before she can get to the house.
Bluey: (giggles) Out of the way, sheepy!
Scene: Bluey tries to go around Bandit, but he keeps blocking her. Bandit jumps in an attempt to block Bluey, but he fails and Bluey makes it to the house.
Bluey: (raised voice) Mum?
Scene: Bandit bleats. He looks around outside, then looks straight ahead. The scene briefly changes to the inside of the house.
Bluey: (raised voice) Mum? Mum, where are you?!
Bingo: (offscreen) Bluey, help!
Scene: The scene changes back to outside where Bandit has gotten onto the trampoline. He jumps while still in a crawling position, bleating as he jumps. Bingo giggles.
Bluey: What's going on?
Bingo: He went on and now he can't get off.
Bluey: Sheeps don't go on trampolines. (she plucks grass) Here, sheepy sheepy! (she unzips the trampoline net) I've got some nice grass for you!
Bingo: It doesn't like grass!
Bluey: Well, how are we gonna get him off?
Scene: The doorbell rings.
Bingo: Ooh, someone's at the door!
Bluey: Don't worry, Mum will get it.
Scene: Bandit stops jumping and starts running normally to the house. He bleats.
Bluey: Hey! Sheep can't walk!
Scene: The scene changes to the front door. Bandit answers the door and is greeted by Alt Energy Dog.
Alt Energy Dog: Hi! How would you like to save $200 a year on your energy bill?
Scene: Bandit bleats.
Alt Energy Dog: Excuse me?
Scene: Bandit bleats slightly louder.
Alt Energy Dog: (nervously) Uh, is there someone else I could talk to?
Bluey: I'll go get my mum!
Scene: Bandit bleats nervously and quickly rushes to stop Bluey by grabbing her leg.
Bluey: Ah! Let go!
Bingo: (she picks up a ribbon on the table next to the front door) Ribbon! (she ties the ribbon on Bandit's tail)
Alt Energy Dog: (looking at the chaos taking place inside) Uh... I'll come back another time.
Bluey: (straining) I know what you're doing. You don't want me to see Mum! (she gets her leg free) Well, it's not gonna work! (she runs offscreen)
Bingo: (she finishes tying the ribbon on Bandit's tail) There!
Scene: Bandit bleats and crawls outside.
Bingo: Where are you going now, sheepy?
Scene: The scene changes to outside of Bandit and Chilli's bedroom door. Bluey walks up to the door.
Bluey: Mum? Are you in there?
Chilli: Yes, Bluey, I'm in here.
Bluey: I'm sorry for whatever I did to upset you.
Chilli: (opens the bedroom door) You didn't do anything to upset me, sweetheart.
Bluey: Then why don't you want to see us?
Chilli: (kneels down to Bluey's level) I do want to see you, but it can be hard work looking after kids. Sometimes mums just need 20 minutes.
Bluey: I don't understand.
Chilli: You will one day, sweetheart.
Bingo: (offscreen) Ah! No, sheepy, no!
Scene: Bandit bleats offscreen.
Chilli: What is that about?
Bluey: Well, Dad's trying to stop me from bothering you.
Chilli: Oh. I see.
Bluey: But it won't work.
Scene: Chilli chuckles.
Wendy: (screams) What's going on?!
Bluey and Chilli: (gasp) Wendy!
Chilli: Go, go, go!
Scene: The scene changes to Wendy's backyard. Bandit is eating Wendy's laundry while Wendy sprays him with water. Bingo stands there and giggles.
Wendy: Stop that! Shoo! Shoo, you naughty sheep!
Bluey: Ah, sheepy, no!
Scene: Bandit pulls Wendy's garmet off the line.
Wendy: Oh!
Scene: Bandit bleats.
Wendy: Drop it. (she lifts her finger) Drop it!
Scene: Bandit shakes his head.
Wendy: (points her finger to the ground) Drop it! You are a very cheeky sheep.
Bluey: I'm sorry, Wendy. He doesn't listen to what anyone says.
Scene: Bandit bleats. Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Wendy: That's it, I'm getting Chilli.
Scene: Bandit drops the garmet and bleats worriedly. He turns and faces Wendy's back while kicking his legs.
Bluey and Bingo: Sheepy, no!
Scene: Bandit charges at Wendy.
Wendy: Chilli?
Scene: Bandit rams Wendy in the behind. Wendy drops her water bottle when Bandit rams her.
Wendy: Ooh!
Scene: The scene goes quiet.
Bingo: Oh, dear.
Wendy: (lifts her finger) That... will not... happen... twice.
Scene: Bandit bleats. Wendy growls. Bandit bleats again.
Wendy: (yelling) Chilli!
Bluey: Wait, stop! He doesn't want you to yell to Mum.
Wendy: Why not?
Bingo: Because Mum says, I just need 20 minutes when no-one says anything to me.
Wendy: Oh! I see. And this sheep has been making sure no-one bothers her.
Scene: Bandit bleats.
Bluey: I think she wishes she didn't have children.
Wendy: That is not true, my love. Why don't you kids go upstairs and play with Judo? I'll look after your sheep for you.
Bluey and Bingo: (excitedly, wagging their tails) For real life?! Are you sure?
Wendy: Yes. I know a bit about sheep. My grandad was a shearer, you know?
Bingo: What's a shearer?
Wendy: A shearer is someone who gives sheep haircuts, (she touches Bandit's mullet), which is good timing.
Scene: Bandit bleats nervously.
Bluey: Thanks, Wendy!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo start running off. Bandit bleats nervously. Bluey stops and Bingo continues running offscreen.
Bluey: Oh. Yeah. Don't worry, sheepy, we still love you. It's just... it's hard work looking after you.
Wendy: They just need 20 minutes.
Bluey: Yeah. Bye!
Scene: Bandit bleats. He and Wendy stare at each other for a brief moment.
Wendy: I'll get the clippers. (she walks offscreen)
Scene: Bandit bleats. The scene changes back to the inside of the Heeler's house, where Chilli walks out of her bedroom. Chilli takes a deep breath. She walks into the kitchen.
Chilli: Hello?
Scene: Chilli walks onto the balcony.
Chilli: Hello?
Bluey and Bingo: (from the balcony in Wendy's house playing with Judo) Hi, Mum!
Chilli: Oh! Hi, girls!
Bluey: Did you have a good 20 minutes?
Chilli: I did, thanks!
Bluey: Me too!
Chilli: Where's your dad?
Scene: Bandit bleats offscreen.
Wendy: Oh, pipe down, you big sook!
Scene: Bandit bleats.
Chilli: Um... Hi, Wendy!
Wendy: Oh! Hi, Chilli! How are you feeling, darl'?
Chilli: I'm... good, thanks.
Wendy: Oh, that's the shot. (to Bandit) Sit still!
Chilli: Um... is everything okay?
Scene: Bandit shakes his head while bleating.
Wendy: Yep, all good here! Just sorting out this mullet.
Scene: Bandit side-eyes Wendy while bleating.
Chilli: Oh! Thanks!
Wendy: You go relax. I'll pop him over the fence when he's done.
Chilli: Um, okay. Thanks, Wendy!
Bluey and Bingo: See ya, Mum!
Scene: Bandit bleats.
Wendy: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Scene: Bandit bleats.
Scene: End credits.
Scene: The end credits theme is an upbeat track.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: (This episode starts with a distant shot of the house, then cuts to the kitchen counter; Bluey and Bingo has just finished eating and Bandit is wiping the counter.)
Bluey: (sing-song) Thanks for breakfaaast! (proceeds to leave with Bingo, forgetting the plates).
Bandit: Hey-hey! Plates in the dishwasher! You gotta tidy up after yourself.
Bluey: Aww, why?
Bandit: 'Cause I said so.
Bingo: Why do we always have to do what you say?
Bandit: 'Cause I'm bigger than you.
Both girls: Hey!
Bingo: That's not nice.
Bandit: Well, there's not much you can do about it. (picks up cutting board and heads to the sink)
Bluey: Ooh, Bingo! I've got an idea. (whispers to Bingo)
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: (Bluey giggles)
Bandit: This idea better involve plates and a dishwasher.
Scene: (Meanwhile Bingo gets up and runs behind her dad)
Bluey: Oh, it does!
Bingo: Hello, Dad. I'd like you to meet Tina (pulls her dad to look around).
Bandit: (to Bingo) Who?
Bluey: Tina. She's our friend. She's invisible.
Bandit: Okay. (bows down to shake what he thinks is her hand) Nice to meet you, Tina.
Bingo: That's her knees.
Bandit: Oh.
Bluey: Tina's big.
Bandit: Uh... (looks up, with the camera gradually rising to give an impression of Tina's size) How big?
Bluey: Sit on him, Tina! (points at her dad)
Bandit: What? (falls to the ground, as if Tina sits on him) Hey!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle
Bluey: (to her dad) Bigger than you!
Scene: (WIP)
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts in the living room, with Bandit pretending that is a bus driver and singing.
Bandit: The wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round.
Bandit: Bus stopping! Psshhh.
Bandit: Doors opening.
Scene: Chilli, looks at the Bandit. She wears a pink hat. She comes in.
Bandit: Hello, passenger. Where are you off to?
Chilli: Boop. Museum, please.
Bandit: Oh, OK.
Bandit: Doors closing! Pshhh.
Bandit: The wheels on the bus go round and round.
Bandit: There's not much traffic today, so we should be there very soon.
Chilli: Oh, great!
Bandit: Unless something slows us down, of course. But that probably won't happen.
Bandit: Pshhh. Door op--
Bandit: Oh, no.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo appear, wearing some old clothes and Bluey some sunglasses, pretending they are grannies.
Bluey, Bingo: Here come the grannies!
Scene: The sound track begins.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called... Ah, I forget.
Bluey: Boop.
Bingo: One granny to mahjong, please.
Bandit: Ahh!
Bingo: Oops-a-daisy.
Bandit: Listen here, you two. I don't want any trouble out of you.
Bluey: I don't know what you're talking about.
Scene: Bingo squeezes a yellow balloon, making a very shameful sound.
Bingo: Hee-hee.
Bandit: Oh, good gravy. Oh!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.
Bluey: Is this seat taken, dearie?
Chilli: It's all yours.
Bluey: Where are you heading, love?
Chilli: Oh, just to the museum.
Bluey: Oh, you should catch the 19 bus. It will get you there faster.
Bingo: No, Janet, you'll want the 21.
Bluey: Oh, you don't know what you're talking about.
Chilli: Actually, I catch this bus because I'm secretly in love with the bus driver.
Bluey: Oh, really?
Bluey: He's bit hairy, isn't he?
Chilli: Not for me.
Bluey: Oh, well, wonderful. You two can get married and have bus babies.
Scene: Bluey tries to get up.
Bluey: I'll let him know.
Chilli: No!
Scene: She pulls Bluey back.
Chilli: I'm not ready to tell him yet.
Bluey: But you have to. We're almost at your stop.
Scene: Bingo squeezes again the ballon.
Bandit: Oh, for goodness...
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Chilli: I will tell him. I just.. need more time, OK?
Bluey: Oh, well, we can slow the bus down for you.
Scene: Bluey ring a bell.
Bluey: Next stop, please, driver.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: He wonders.
Bandit: But the next stop's the sausage shop. Thought you were going to mahjong?
Bluey: No, I need some sausages.
Bandit: OK. Pshhh. Here we are. Doors opening!
Bluey: Thank you.
Scene: She remains staring for a bit, and then goes back.
Bluey: Ah, changed my mind.
Bandit: Oh, OK. Doors closing! Brooom, broom-broom, broooom.
Bluey: Next stop, please, driver.
Bandit: But the next stop's the library.
Bluey: Yeah, I need a cookbook.
Bandit: OK. Pshhh. Doors opening! There you go.
Scene: Again, remains staring for a bit, and then goes back.
Bluey: Actually, I can't read.
Bandit: Ugh! Passengers should only ding the bell if they intend to get off! Is that clear?
Scene: Bluey whispers to Chilli.
Bluey: Tell him you love him.
Scene: Chilli sais loud.
Chilli: No!
Bandit: What do you mean 'no'?
Chilli: I mean, yes, it's clear.
Bandit: Good. Doors closing! Brrrrroom.
Scene: Bluey dings the bell.
Bandit: Oh! The next stop is the motorbike shop!
Bluey: Oh, good.
Bandit: What? You wanna buy a motorbike?
Bluey: Yep.
Scene: Bandit Grrr.
Bandit: OK, bus stopping. Pshhh. Doors opening! There's the motorbike shop. Go and buy a motorbike.
Bluey: Oh, there's no pink ones.
Bandit: Grrr! Right, that's it! Pshhh! Doors closing! Vroom! No more stops until the museum, and then you're ALL getting off!
Bluey: You have to tell him now, dearie. You're running out of time.
Chilli: Oh.
Bingo: Where's Boopsie gone?
Chilli: I can't. I'll do it tomorrow.
Bluey: Oh, today is better than tomorrow.
Bingo: Oh, Boopsie?
Bandit: Bus stopping! Pshhh! Off!
Bingo: I can't find Boopsie.
Chilli: Who's Boopsie?
Bluey: Her snake.
Scene: Camera switches to Bandit having a toy snake wrapped up on his neck.
Bandit: Arggh!
Bingo: Oh, there you are Boopsie.
Bandit: Get it off! Get it off! Ooh! Arggh! Arggh!
Scene: Bandit jumps out of the bus.
Bluey: Naughty Boopsie!
Chilli: Quick, grab its head!
Bandit: Get it off!
Bingo: Oh, no. We're gonna be late for mahjong.
Chilli: Suck the poison out!
Bingo: Brrmm-brmm-brmm-brmm!
Chilli: Hey, why's the bus moving?
Bluey: Oh, Rita's driving.
Chilli: Oh, OK. What?! Rita's driving?!
Bingo: The something on the bus go round and round...
Scene: Rita (Bingo) hits a sheep with the bus.
Bandit: Baa.
Scene: Bandit yells at her, throwing the snake off and catching up the bus.
Bandit: Stop! Come back here! That's my bus!
Chilli: Quick, do something, Janet!
Bluey: Oh, time for a nana nap.
Chilli: Janet!
Scene: She is dreaming on the bus' bench.
Bluey: Raoww, sausages.
Bingo: Beep-beep.
Scene: She hits another sheep.
Bandit: Baa.
Scene: Chilli is trying to take her back to her seat.
Chilli: Come on, Rita, back to your seat, honey.
Scene: Bingo breaks the steering wheel.
Bingo: Ugh! Whoopsie.
Bingo: Arggh, the steering wheel!
Scene: Chilli takes her up and pretends that all went crazy.
Chilli, Bingo: Ahhh-whoa-ahhh! Ahhh!
Scene: Bluey continue to dream.
Bluey: Raoww, cookbook.
Chilli: Why don't I take this, Rita?
Scene: Bingo gives the steering wheel to Chilli.
Bingo: OK, you have fun, love.
Bandit: Stick it back in the thing!
Chilli: OK, OK! There. The steering wheel's fixed. Now what do I do?!
Bandit: Hit the brakes!
Chilli: Where are the brakes?!
Bandit: They're down there! The big brown block!
Chilli: What big brown block?!
Scene: Bingo is pretending to eat the brakes.
Bingo: I love a good lamington. Nom-nom-nom.
Bandit, Chilli: Arggh!
Chilli: Rita's eating the brakes!
Bluey: Next stop, please, driver.
Chilli: We can't stop!
Scene: Bingo squeezes again the yellow ballon, making that shameful sound.
Bingo: Oh, excuse me.
Chilli: Oh, Rita!
Scene: Chilli makes some false coughing.
Scene: That's not helping!
Bandit: Uhh! Ooh! Ah!
Scene: Bandit jumps back in the bus.
Bandit: Hoo, made it.
Scene: Chilli and Bandit are sitting side by side.
Chilli: Oh, hello.
Bandit: Hi.
Chilli: How you going?
Bandit: Not bad.
Bluey: Tell him!
Chilli: Janet!
Bandit: Tell me what?
Chilli: Nothing. I'll...I'll tell you tomorrow.
Bandit: There's not gonna BE a tomorrow! We're gonna hit that custard factory!
Bandit, Chilli: Aaaah!
Scene: Bluey rings the bell.
Bluey: I said next stop!
Chilli: We have to jump! Grab the grannies!
Bandit: Come here, ya old chooks!
Bingo: Put me down, ya big brute.
Scene: Bluey clicks the door button.
Bluey: Boop.
Scene: They jump.
Scene: All Aaaah!
Scene: They land on the floor.
Bingo: Oh, my coins.
Chilli: We're alive.
Bandit: I can't believe it.
Bingo: This isn't mahjong.
Chilli: There's something I've been meaning to tell you, but keep putting it off till tomorrow.But now I think I'm gonna tell you today. I'd like to get married and have your bus babies.
Bandit: Oh.
Bluey: There ya go, Rita.
Bingo: Thanks, Janet.
Chilli: I did it, Janet! I told him.
Bluey: Oh, well done, dearie. I'm proud of you.
Chilli: Thanks. I'm proud of myself.
Bluey: Now, you go and have some bus babies.
Chilli: Oh, no, he's already married to a giraffe.
Bluey: What?!
Scene: Bandit talks with a toy giraffe.
Bandit: Oh, Stretchypants, I was so scared. We almost hit a custard factory.
Bluey: We'll see about that. Come on, Rita.
Bingo: OK, Janet.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo go to their dad.
Bluey, Bingo: Here come the grannies. Arggh!
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: Credits are shown, it can be heard the music track which was played during the episode, with the bluey dancing in the left corner.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a night view of the Heeler house, then cuts to the living room where Chilli finally puts Bluey to sleep in her bedroom
Chilli: OK, she's asleep.
Bandit: What do you wanna watch tonight, babe?
Scene: Bluey wakes up
Bluey: Do you watch TV after we go to sleep ?
Chilli: (exhausted) Bluey!  Not again, C'mon. Back to bed!
Bluey: I don't wanna go to bed.
Bandit: Too bad, kid.
Bluey: But why do we have to sleep? Why can't we just stay awake all night?
Bandit: 'Cause that’s the way the world is.
Bluey: Well, I'm going to make it so that's not how the world is.
Bandit: That might be tricky. People like to sleep.
Bluey: Well, I'll take everyone's bed to the dump!
Bandit: Eh…They'll probably just sleep on the couch.
Bluey: Well, I'll take the couches to the dump, too!
Bandit: Woah.. Sounds like a big job. You’ll need a full-night sleep for that.
Bluey: Yeah, I will. Night!
Bluey: Hey, wait, no!
Chilli: [groans] Come on. I'll read you a story.
Bandit: You know she can't help it.
Scene: From exhaustion, Chilli rubs her eyes
Chilli: I know... Can you help me?
Bandit: Oh, yeah, I've got an idea!
Chilli: Wait, is it a bad idea?
Scene: Bluey arrives at the couch
Bluey: Mum? Are you grumpy with me?
Chilli: No, honey, I'm OK. C'mon.
Scene: Chili starts reading the story
Chilli: Once upon a time, there was a village.
Bluey interrupting: Are you sure you're not grumpy?
Chilli: No. I just want you to go to sleep.
Chilli: And in the village-
Scene: Interrupted again, Bandit puppeteering Unicorse arrives
Unicorse: Hey, hey!
Bluey: Unicorse!
Chilli: Oh, no.. Not Unicorse...
Chilli: This episode of Bluey unfortunately is called,  Unicorse!
Unicorse: Budge up, Budge up! Watch the horn! What are we reading?
Chilli: Well, it's a story-
Unicorse interrupting Chilli: YAWN! Here, read this! It's got a unicorn in it.
Chilli: I'm not reading that.
Unicorse: Fine. I'll read it. Onc up on a tim.. Ah, I wish I could read!
Scene: Bluey giggles
Chilli: Unicorse, Bluey is finding it a little hard to get to sleep, so we're actually trying to calm things down a bit.
Unicorse: Well, it's gonna be hard with me around!
Scene: Unicorse starts spinning around screaming while Bluey giggles again
Chilli: Shhh! Bingo's Asleep!
Unicorse: I don’t care!
Chilli: Well I do, so how about you and your little mate, jog on?
Unicorse: I ain't goin' Nowhere, toots!
Scene: Bluey giggles again while Chilli starts to be angry
Chilli: My Name is Chilli!
Unicorse: Ahaahh, I'm sorry, Silly!
Chilli: Chilli!
Unicorse: Billy, Yeah, that's what I said!
Chilli: OUT!
Bluey: Oh, Mum, please, can Unicorse stay ?
Chilli: Bluey, he's the most annoying unicorn in the world.
Unicorse apprearing behind the couch: Guilty!
Bluey: But I can turn him into a nice unicorse. I promise I can. Right, Unicorse?
Unicorse: Nah!
Bluey: Don't listen to him. Please, can he stay?
Chilli: Fine... But we're reading this book, not yours.
Unicorse whispering in frustration: You will live to regret that!
Chilli: (clears throat) Once upon a time, there was a village. And in the village, everyone walked around barefoot.
Scene: Unicorse appeares in front of Chilli and Bluey
Unicorse: Hey, yay!
Bluey: Unicorse! I can't see the page!
Unicorse: AAAAAAND Why should I care?
Scene: Bluey giggles
Chilli: groans I forgot about the catchphrase...
Bluey: If you block the words, Mum can't read the story.
Unicorse: AAAAAAND Why should I care ?
Bluey: Because stories are nice!
Unicorse: My story was nice, it had a unicorn in it. This one has ZERO unicorns!
Unicorse: And the ending is boring, she just makes sho-
Scene: Chilli immediately stops him from spoiling the story
Chilli: Ah- Ah-. DON'T spoil the ending!
Unicorse with whining sound: Why not ?
Chilli: 'cause Bluey hasn't heard it !
Unicorse: AAAAAAND Why should I care ?
Bluey: Unicorse, I'm trying to make you a nice unicorse.
Unicorse: OK, OK, OK. Please, continue, Millie. I won't spoil the ending.
Chilli: A-
Unicorse interrupting again: Where she makes shoes.
Both Bluey and Chilli: UNICORSE!!
Scene: Unicorse starts spinning around laughing out loud
Chilli: One day, the Queen decided to get off her litter and have a walk around.
Unicorse playing with the page while imitating the Queen: Changed my mind! Oh, wait, changed it again!  Actually, I will! Nope, not today!
Unicorse: Up! Down! Up, down! Up, down! Up down, up, down-
Bluey: Unicorse! That is Bad behaviour!
Scene: Unicorse starts imitating Bluey with meh meh noises
Unicorse: Meh meh meh ! Meh meh Meh meh meh meh !
Scene: Bluey OH, so is that!
Unicorse: MEEP, Meep meep Meep !
Chilli: Shall we continue ?
Bluey: [groans] Yes...
Unicorse: sigh Meeep...
Chillie: So the Queen walked a few steps, and stood on a prickle. Ouch !
Scene: Unicorse Laughing out VERY Loud
Bluey: Unicorse, that's mean! How would you feel if you stood on a prickle?
Unicorse: I'd feel good. I'd feel so good, I'd dance!
Scene: Unicorse starts dancing with William Tell Overture albeit in a disco remix playing in the background
Bluey: You wouldn't dance! You'd be crying like the Queen!
Unicorse: Well, maybe she should wear some shooes !
Chilli: Unicorse!
Scene: Chilli finally stops the music
Scene: Unicorse starts laughing again
Chilli: Anyway.[Continues reading] The Queen discovered that her whole kingdom was covered in prickles.
Chilli: “What was she to do?”
Scene: Unicorse appeares in front of Chilli and Bluey, Again
Unicorse: MAKE. SHOOOES!
Chillie: [groans] Bluey?
Bluey: Oh, I know! Unicorse, what's your favourite food?
Scene: Unicorse gets very close to Bluey's face
Unicorse whispering: Children....
Bluey: Oh...?
Unicorse: JUST kidding. I like chicken bucket.
Bluey: Oh, great! Look, here's some Chicken bucket.
Unicorse: Ah, thank you, mighty kind!
Bluey: OK, we're good to go!
Chilli: So the Queen had an idea. She will cover the WHOLE kingdom in LEATHER.
Chilli: That way, No one will ever stand on the prickles a-
Scene: Unicorse starts making munching noise
Chilli: -gain. so she got to work-
Unicorse: (Munch)
Chilli: -All day and night, the Queen worked, covering her Whole kingdom in leather.
Scene: 'While reading the story, Unicorse continues munching until Chilli had her last bit of Patience
Chilli: Grrr! Can you PLEASE chew with your mouth shut?!
Unicorse: I can chew with my mouth shut. Of course I can!
Chilli: Thank you! [Reads]  The Queen just-
Unicorse: But I'm not gonna! starts munching again
Chilli annoyed: THAT'S IT, I'M OUT!
Unicorse: Catch you on the flip side, Willie!
Scene: Unicorse starts the music again
Bluey: Wait, no!
Chilli: I'm done, Bluey.
Bluey: I can handle this, Mum!
Bluey: Unicorse !
Unicorse: OW!  My back, my neck!  My back and my neck!
Bluey: [giggles] I just tapped you on the shoulder!
Unicorse: Whiplash! Whiplash! Call my lawyer!  Awwhh!
Chilli: Look, Bluey. Good on you for trying, but you can't change Unicorse.
Bluey: [sigh] I think you're right..
Chilli: I'm not sure you can't change anyone very much…
Scene: Meanwhile Unicorse screaming in pain in the background
Bluey: Well, What can we change?
Chilli: Well, We can stop letting Unicorse annoy us.
Bluey: Really? How?
Chilli: Maybe we ignore him?
Bluey: He is pretty hard to ignore…
Chilli: Let's give it a go!
Chilli: The Queen just couldn't do any more. She was too tired.
Scene: Unicorse, badly hurt, arrives with his Lawyer
Chilli: Oh, here he comes. Remember, just ignore him.
Lawyer: (clears throat) Are you Willie Heeler?
Chilli annoyed again: I'M CHILLI HEELER !
Bluey: Mum?
Chilli: Oh, yes, sorry..  But then the Jester said to the Queen:
Jester: Your Majesty, instead of covering the Whole kingdom in leather, Why not just cover your feet?
Lawyer: Stop that reading, this is a Very serious matter! One of you Karate-chopped my client!
Bluey confused: Karate-Chopped?!
Chilli: Bluey?
Bluey: Oh, yeah, Sorry.
Chilli: So the Queen cut two little bits of leather, and made them into shoes !
Lawyer: Hey! I'm talking to you!
Unicorse: Yeah, Listen to him!
Chilli: So the people could walk anywhere they wanted and the prickles couldn't hurt them.
Unicorse: STOP READING!
Lawyer: Unicorse, let me handle this.
Unicorse: Hey! Watch it, mate, or you'll have to get a little pokey!
Lawyer: OK, as your Lawyer, I-
Unicorse: Here I COME !
Scene: Both Unicorse and Lawyer fight each other while Chilli ends the story ignoring them
Chilli: And they all lived Happily ever after.
Chilli: Shall we leave them to it?
Bluey yawning: Yeah, I'm tired..
Unicorse: You're gonna get it now, mate!
Scene: ROLL CREDITS
<|endoftext|>
Scene: OPENING SEQUENCE
Scene: Pinball Lez by Custard plays, as Mackenzie dances above the title 'BLUEY.'  Mackenzie is replaced by Rusty, and then Bluey, both doing the same dance.  This sequence uses the models from the 2016 animation test.
Kid: Bluey! Ruff-ruff!
Scene: The episode opens in the dining room.  Bingo scoops up a spoonful of cereal.
Bingo: ♫ I'm a digger strong and tough, beep beep beep! ♫
Scene: She pretends to beep the horn of a vehicle.
Bingo: ♫ Get out've my way! I need to dig the ground today. ♫
Scene: She pretends to dig with her hands.
Scene: Bandit yawns.
Bandit: What's today, kiddo?
Bingo: It's the weekend?
Bandit: That's right! How many games should we play?
Scene: Bingo holds her arms out wide.
Bingo: This many!
Bandit: Whoa! Okay, that's doable.
Scene: Bluey walks in from screen left.  She has a robot claw toy, holding an envelope.
Bluey: I've got a letter for you!
Bandit: Oh, thanks, Bluey! What have we got here?
Scene: Bandit takes the envelope and opens it. Bluey rapidly clicks the claw.
Bluey: It's a drumstick!
Bandit: Oh, you beauty!
Scene: Bandit begins to drum on the table with the drumstick and his free hand, also stomping on the floor.  After a moment, he starts making drum noises with his mouth as well. Bluey and Bingo start to dance.
Bandit: Doom doom dah, doom doom dah, doom da doom dah dah! Brrrrrra tka tka babap boowww!
Scene: Bandit's tabletop drum solo continues over the title card.  The title is not read to the audience.
Scene: In the living room, a cricket game is on the television, the commentary is indistinct.  Bandit can be heard grunting from off screen, as the kids laugh.  A ball rolls into frame.
Scene: The scene cuts to the playroom.  Bingo and Bluey are wrestling with Bandit, they have him pinned.
Bluey: Don't let him get up!
Bingo: You're not getting up, ever!
Bluey: Stay on him! You're not going anywhere you wild beast!
Bandit: Ah! Oof!
Scene: Chilli walks in from screen right.
Bandit: Ow! Ow! Ow!
Chilli: Okay, I'm just popping out for a tick.
Scene: Chilli continues walking, exiting to screen left.
Bingo: Bye, Mum!
Bluey: See ya, Mum!
Chili: (off screen) I'll see you later.
Scene: Bandit tries to crawl after Chilli.
Bandit: I've gotta give your mum a kiss.
Scene: Bluey jumps on him, crushing him to the ground.
Bluey: No smoochy-kiss for you!
Bandit: Oh, no!
Scene: The crowd at the cricket game roars.
Bandit: Hang on, hang on! Shh, shh!
Commentator: And gone, Pat Taylor is gone.
Bandit: Okay, I've— I've actually gotta watch this.
Scene: Bandit stands up halfway, but the kids tackle him to the floor again.
Bluey: Noooo! Get his legs, Bingo!
Bandit: Ah, c'mon, I just want to see this wicket.
Scene: In the living room, Bandit walks in, carrying Bingo over his left shoulder, and Bluey under his right arm.  He stands in front of the television.
Bluey: Hey Bingo, you wanna play statues?
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: The girls squirm free and run out of the room.
Bandit: How is that LBW?
Scene: The girls stand on the stairs.  Bingo has already taken a pose, standing on one leg with one arm up and one arm down.
Bluey: Da-ad!
Bandit: (off screen) Coming!
Bluey: Da-ad!!
Bandit: (off screen) Yeah, I'm coming.
Bluey: DAAAD!!!
Scene: Bandit walks in.
Bandit: Okay, okay. Bonjour!
Bluey: Oh, hello! Would you like to buy a statue?
Scene: Bingo wobbles.
Bandit: Ah, yes.  I definitely would like to buy a statue. I— waitaminnit.  These aren't magic statues, are they?
Bluey: Oh, no, these aren't magic.  These are just normal statues.
Bandit: Oh, good.  'Cause I've been down that road before.  Whoop, pause the game.
Scene: Bandit pretends to press a button.
Bandit: Beep!
Scene: The scene cuts to the bathroom.  Bandit sits on the toilet, looking at his phone.  Bluey leans against the wall, reading a book.  Bingo unrolls the toilet paper.
Bingo: (Frère Jacques) ♫ Bilby digging, bilby digging! Cockatoo, cockatoo! ♫
Bluey: Phwoar, it stinks!
Scene: Bluey pinches her nose.
Bandit: (laughing) Well, you're welcome to wait outside, kiddo.
Scene: He nudges Bluey with his elbow.
Scene: Back at the stairs, everyone is back in position. Bandit pretends to press a button.
Bandit: Boop! Unpause.  Okay, I'd like that one, please.
Bluey: Four hundred dollary-doos.
Scene: Bandit pretends to hand over a fistful of cash.
Bandit: Thank you.
Bluey: (sing-song) Enjoy your statue.
Scene: Bandit picks up Bingo.  Bluey laughs.
Scene: Bandit carries Bingo to the back door to the verandah.
Bandit: Now, where am I going to put this statue.  Ah, yes.
Scene: He puts Bingo down near the door.
Bandit: Just here. Ah, I forgot my change.
Scene: He walks out of frame.
Bluey: (off screen) Hi.
Scene: Bingo runs and stands on a chair across the room.
Bandit: (off screen) I think I forgot my change.
Bluey: (off screen) Oh, yes, sir.
Scene: Bingo resumes her statue pose, giggling.
Bandit: (off screen) Thank you, shopkeeper.  I'll just get back to my statue...
Scene: Bandit enters from screen right.
Bandit: ...which I'm sure is right over here— What?!
Scene: Bingo laughs.  Bandit turns around and spots her.
Bandit: What's it doing over here? I could've sworn I left it over there.  Oh well, I guess I'll just put it back.
Scene: He picks up Bingo and hums as he carries her, giggling, back to the spot by the door. Bluey is waiting.
Bluey: Is everything okay?
Bandit: I think so.  I could've sworn I left the statue here, but I found it over there.
Bluey: Well... You're probably just going crazy or something.
Scene: Bingo runs out the back door.
Bandit: Oh yes.  Probably.
Scene: The door closes.
Bandit: Huh?
Scene: In the back yard, Bingo carefully walks down the back stairs.  She holds the railing, and puts both feet on each step before continuing.
Bandit: (off screen) Where's my statue?
Scene: Bingo takes up her statue pose in the back yard.  Bandit walks up to her.  Bluey follows behind him.
Bandit: Hey.  How did you get out here?
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Bandit: There's definitely something weird going on—
Scene: Bingo blows a raspberry at Bandit, and then resumes her statue pose.
Bandit: What?  Grrrrr!  This is a magic statue!  I knew it!
Scene: The girls laugh.
Bandit: You sold me magic statues!
Scene: Bandit chases Bluey out of frame.
Bandit: (off screen) You get back here!
Bluey: (off screen) Run, Bingo!
Scene: Bingo runs away.
Bingo: Brrrr! Brrrr! Brrrr!
Scene: In the side yard, she notices a small tree and stops running.
Bingo: Huh?
Scene: She looks closer.  Perched on a twig, one of the leaves has legs. Super Happy Funtime by Regurgitator begins to play.
Bingo: Is that a leaf?
Scene: The scene cuts to a bug's eye view of Bingo.  She looms over the leaf insect as she looks at it from different angles.
Bingo: Are you a leaf?
Scene: The scene cuts back to the regular viewpoint.
Bingo: You look like a leaf.
Scene: The leaf insect hops on to Bingo's nose.
Bingo: (whispering) But you're walking. Are you a walking leaf?  But, I don't understand.  Why would a leaf want to walk?  You should be in a tree, leaf.
Bingo: (whispering) Daddy, come and see.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the bug's eye view.
Bingo: (whispering) Where are you going, walking leaf?  Come here, Daddy!  Quickly!
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit.  He has picked Bluey up by the feet, and is shaking her from side to side.
Bandit: Give me back my dollary-doos!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bingo.
Bingo: (whispering) Daddy, come and see!
Scene: The insect flies away.
Bingo: Uh!  Goodbye.  Have fun.  I'll miss you.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bluey.  Chilli enters from screen right.
Bluey: Mum!
Scene: Chilli kneels down and claps her hands.
Chilli: Where's my Bluey?
Scene: Bandit lets Bluey down, and she runs to Chilli.  Bandit grabs her by the scruff of the neck, stopping her short.  She struggles.
Bandit: Well, go on.  Give your mum a hug.  What are you waiting for?
Chilli: Oh, Dad.
Scene: He lets go of Bluey, who runs to Chilli and hugs her.
Bandit: Ohhh...  Sorry.
Chilli: Where's your sister?
Bluey: There she is.
Scene: Over by the fence, Bingo is waving good-bye to the walking leaf.
Scene: The music begins to play again, as the rest of the evening plays out through a montage.
Scene: The scene cuts to a flock of rainbow lorikeets chattering in the treetops.
Scene: The scene cuts to the family in the kitchen.  Bingo is watching something on a tablet, and Bluey watches over her shoulder.  Chilli chops carrots and says something.  Bandit nods in agreement.
Scene: The scene cuts to the backthroom.  Bingo and Bluey are in the bath.  Bandit sits next to the bathtub; Bluey shampoos his hair and talks.  Bingo pours water out of a cup.
Scene: In the bathroom mirror, the reflection of the girls brush their teeth with electric toothbrushes.
Scene: In the play room, Bandit lies down on the floor with a groan.
Scene: In Bluey's bedroom, Chilli tucks Bluey into bed.
Bluey: Is there more weekend tomorrow?
Scene: Chilli taps Bluey on the nose.
Chilli: There sure is.
Bluey: Hooray!
Scene: Bluey closes her eyes, and Chilli walks out.
Scene: Chilli walks into Bingo's bedroom.  She approaches Bingo's bed.
Chilli: Already tucked in, you little star.
Scene: Bingo sniffs.
Chilli: Aw...  What's up?
Scene: In the playroom, Bandit lays on the floor, groaning.
Bandit: Huaaaaaaaah.
Chilli: (off screen) Psst.  Honey.  Come up here.
Bandit: Yep.  Coming.
Scene: In Bingo's bedroom, Bluey has joined Chilli by Bingo's bedside.  She's showing Bingo a doll.
Bluey: Ooh, and she's got sushi shoes, and there's rice at the bottom to help the shoes stand up
Scene: The doll, which does not actually have sushi shoes, promptly falls over with a squeak.  Bandit enters, and takes Chilli's place by her bedside.
Bandit: Hey, Bingo.
Bingo: Daddy, you didn't come and see the walking leaf.
Bandit: Aww, I'm sorry!  I didn't hear you.
Bingo: (sadly) That's okay.
Bandit: The thing is — I don't know if you know this — but I bought this statue today, from a shop.  And it turned out to be magic.
Bluey: Yeah! Every time he would put it somewhere, it would just keep running away.
Bandit: Yeah, and then I went to see the shopkeeper, and tried to get my money back, but she kept running away.
Bluey: And he chased me all around the yard.  I kept running away.
Scene: Bluey laughs.
Bandit: Yeah, and I didn't even get my four hundred dollary-doos back.  So I'm sorry.
Bingo: Daddy.
Scene: Bingo motions for Bandit to get closer.  He leans in.
Bandit: Yeah?
Bingo: It was me!
Bandit: What.
Bingo: I was the statue!
Bandit: What?!
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bandit: You know what? I did think you looked a little bit familiar.
Scene: Bingo laughs again.  She waves good-night to her family.
Bingo: 'Night.
Bandit: 'Night, Bingo.
Bluey: Night-night, Bingo.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo walk to the door.  Chilli, waiting at the entrance, takes Bluey's hand and escorts her out.
Bingo: (whispering) Daddy.
Scene: Bandit stops by the door.
Bandit: Yes, mate?
Bingo: Just leaves the door open this much.
Scene: Bingo holds her hands about 30 centimetres apart.
Bingo: So the leaf can come in.
Bandit: No worries, kiddo.
Scene: Bandit closes the door, leaving it open a crack.  The room darkens, and on the walls and ceiling, glow-in-the-dark stars begin to shine.  Bingo closes her eyes.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: Super Happy Funtime plays over the credits. Unlike the main series, the credits are displayed over a flat blue field, and no additional animation is played.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the shade of a Moreton Bay fig tree, its immense canopy and thick prop roots making it resemble a forest grove.  A flat piece of wood is propped up on a stump.  A male splendid fairywren lands on the wood, then takes off again as thumping footsteps approach.  Bluey, Chloe, Honey, and Mackenzie arrive.
Bluey: Let's set up a shop.
Chloe, Honey, and Mackenzie: Yeah!
Mackenzie: Okay, but promise we won't take ages deciding stuff, okay?
Bluey: Well, we'll have to see.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Shops.
Scene: Bluey pushes a rock closer to the stump.  Chloe sets the flat bit of wood across the stump and rock, making a counter.
Chloe: This can be the shop.
Scene: Honey runs in with a pine cone, and sets it on one end of the counter.
Honey: And this can be the till.
Scene: Honey runs off.  Bluey picks up a leaf and sets it in the middle of the counter.  She pantomimes scanning groceries.
Bluey: And this is the bit where it goes doot, doot!
Scene: The scene to Honey and Mackenzie, next to a pair of prop roots.
Mackenzie: This can be the door to the shop.
Scene: Mackenzie picks up a stick with a pair of figs on it, and hangs it on one of the trees, making a shopkeeper's bell.
Mackenzie: And it has a bell when you walk through it.
Scene: Mackenzie runs to the other side of the trees, and pantomimes opening a door.
Mackenzie: Da-ding! Hello, shopkeeper. I'd like to --
Bluey: Stop, hang on.
Scene: The background music abruptly stops.
Bluey: We have to decide who to be.
Mackenzie: Bluey, you promised we wouldn't take long deciding stuff.
Bluey: We can't start if we don't know who we all are. I'll be the shopkeeper.
Scene: The background music starts again.  It's now an arrangement of Infernal Gallop by Jacques Offenbach, colloquially known as the can-can song.  Each time the music restarts, it starts quiet and simple with plucked strings, and builds in volume and complexity.
Chloe: Aw, I wanted to be the shopkeeper.
Bluey: Chloe, you can be the assistant. They hand stuff to the shopkeeper.
Chloe: Does the assistant get to go doot?
Bluey: Um, yes, but only when the shopkeeper is sick and has to stay home.
Chloe: Oh. Okay. Are you feeling sick at all?
Bluey: No, I'm fine.
Honey: I'll be a customer, too.
Bluey: Yes, you and Mackenzie are customers.
Mackenzie: Hooray! Okay, let's go.
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes opening the door again, followed by Honey.
Mackenzie: Da-ding! Hello!
Bluey: Wait!
Scene: The music stops.
Mackenzie: What is it now?
Bluey: Honey, why don't you be a kitten?
Honey: Good idea.
Scene: Honey gets down on hands and knees. The music starts again.
Honey: Meow! Meow! Meow!
Mackenzie: I'll be your owner.
Scene: He pets Honey's head and boops her nose.
Mackenzie: Good kitty!
Honey: Meow!
Mackenzie: Okay, let's start!
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes opening the door.
Mackenzie: Da-ding! Hello! I'd like to buy a --
Bluey: Wait!
Scene: The music stops.
Mackenzie: What?!
Bluey: What kind of store is this?
Chloe: How about a kitten store?
Scene: The music resumes.
Bluey: What's a kitten store?
Chloe: A store that sells kittens.
Mackenzie: But I've already got a kitten.
Chloe: Oh, yeah.
Honey: How about a store that sells things for kittens?
All: Yeah!
Mackenzie: Okay. Da-ding!
Bluey: Wait!
Scene: The music stops.
Bluey: Assistant, help me find things so we can sell for kittens!
Mackenzie: Wait. What?
Scene: The music resumes.
Bluey: We won't be long!
Scene: Bluey and Chloe run off.
Scene: The next scene is another location in the forest, with lilly-pillies scattered about the forest floor.
Bluey: What do kittens like?
Chloe: Um, they like lilly-pillies.
Bluey: Oh, yeah.
Scene: They start picking up lilly-pillies.
Chloe: These can be the kitten treats.
Bluey: They're a bit too round.
Chloe: They're not all round. Some are a bit bumpy.
Bluey: Oh, yeah.
Scene: The scene changes back to Honey and Mackenzie, still by the door.  Mackenzie is holding a length of vine.  Honey is visibly bored.
Mackenzie: Hurry up!
Scene: Bluey and Chloe return with handfuls of lilly-pillies.  Mackenzie ties the vine around Honey's torso, making a lead.  Bluey and Chloe arrange their lilly-pillies on the counter.
Bluey: Mackenzie, you're always in such a hurry. We can't play shop if we don't have anything to sell.
Mackenzie: Okay! Can we please start?
Bluey: Yes, yes, yes.
Chloe: Bluey, are you feeling sick yet?
Bluey: No, I'm fine. Okay Mackenzie, go!
Scene: The music has reached the crescendo leading into the climax of the song.
Mackenzie: Finally!
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes opening the door.
Mackenzie: Da-ding! Hello!
Bluey: Wait!
Scene: The music stops.
Mackenzie: Ugggh!
Bluey: We don't have anything for money.
Mackenzie: It doesn't matter!
Bluey: You can't buy anything if you don't have money.
Mackenzie: Oh, yeah, that's true.
Scene: The music starts.
Bluey: How about the round ones are money, and the bumpy ones are kitten treats?
Chloe: Okey dokey.
Scene: Bluey runs over to Mackenzie and gives him a handful of round lilly-pillies.
Bluey: Take these, Mackenzie. These are the dollar bucks.
Mackenzie: Okay, let's get going.
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes opening the door.
Mackenzie: Da-ding! Hello!
Bluey: Wait!
Scene: The music stops.
Mackenzie: Uggggh!
Bluey: You also need a kitten birthday cake, but I'm going to say, Sorry, we've run out. And then you have to be sad.
Mackenzie: Birthday cake?
Chloe: Bluey, I want it to be that we do have a kitten birthday cake.
Scene: Chloe sets a flat rock on the counter.
Bluey: Okay, we do have a kitten birthday cake, but you have to be sad 'cause it's not the one you want.
Mackenzie: I don't know what you're talking about. Let's just start!
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes opening the door.
Mackenzie: Da-ding! Hello!
Honey: Hello!
Mackenzie: I'd like to buy a --
Bluey: Stop!
Scene: The music stops at the first note of the climax.  Mackenzie falls to his knees in frustration.
Mackenzie: Ugggggh!
Bluey: I don't think kittens should be able to talk.
Honey: Really?
Scene: The music starts.
Bluey: Yes. Kittens definitely can't talk. You just have to go like this when you want something --
Scene: Bluey pantomimes grasping with a paw.
Bluey: Meow! Meow!
Scene: Honey does the same, but with large shiny eyes.
Honey: Meow! Meow!
Scene: Chloe does the same, also with big shiny eyes.
Chloe: Rrow! Rrow!
Chloe, Bluey, and Honey: Meow! Meow! Meow!
Scene: Mackenzie, incredulous, looks directly into the camera.
Chloe, Bluey, and Honey: Meoooow!
Mackenzie: Okay, let's go.
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes opening the door.
Mackenzie: Da-ding!
Bluey: Wait!
Scene: The music stops.
Mackenzie: What is it now?
Bluey: I think I want to be the kitten.
Chloe, Mackenzie, and Honey: (groans)
Chloe: (gasps) That means I can be the shopkeeper!
Scene: Chloe excitedly starts to pantomime scanning items.
Chloe: Doot! Doot! Doot!
Scene: Chloe continues dooting as the other characters talk.
Honey: But I like being the kitten.
Bluey: Please, Honey, you can be the shopkeeper.
Scene: Chloe grabs the pine cone and leaf protectively.
Chloe: What? No way!
Bluey: Well, how about the assistant?
Honey: I'll only swap if I'll be the kitten owner.
Mackenzie: But I'm the kitten owner.
Bluey: You can be the assistant, Mackenzie.
Mackenzie: But I don't want to be the assistant.
Bluey: Ohh!
Mackenzie: I'll only swap if I can be the shopkeeper. Then I can doot things! Dooting is fun.
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes scanning an item.
Mackenzie: Doot! Doot!
Scene: Honey joins in the pantomime.
Mackenzie and Honey: Doot! Doot!
Scene: Bluey quizzically looks directly at the camera.
Scene: Chloe resumes dooting.
Chloe, Mackenzie, and Honey: Doot! Doot! Doot! Doot!
Bluey: Chloe, can Mackenzie be the shopkeeper and you be the assistant?
Chloe: But the assistant doesn't doot!
Bluey: But she hands stuff to be dooted.
Chloe: (shaking her head) Unh-uh.
Bluey: Well, we can't start until someone is the assistant.
Mackenzie: (stomps his foot and groans).  Uhhhh!  I'll do whatever we need to do to start playing shops.
Bluey: Will you be the assistant?
Mackenzie: (rolls his eyes) Fine!
Bluey: Great. Oh, but then we don't have a customer.
Scene: The music stops.  Mackenzie pulls on his ears in frustration.
Mackenzie: Grrr! I knew it! We're never gonna start a shop. I'm leaving!
Scene: Mackenzie stomps out of the scene.  The background music changes to a sad acoustic guitar piece.
Bluey: Mackenzie!
Scene: The girls all look disappointed.
Chloe: (sadly) Doot.
Scene: The scene changes to the spot with the lilly-pillies.  Mackenzie is sulking behind a tree.  He throws a lilly-pilly.  The angle changes; the shop is now visible in the background behind him.  The girls are all sitting.  They look bored.
Bluey: Mackenzie!  Can you come back and play shops?
Mackenzie: What's the use? We'll never, ever get to start. You just want to keep making up more and more things.
Bluey: That's true. But you just want to start before we know who anyone is.
Mackenzie: Yeah I do, don't I?
Scene: Mackenzie rejoins the girls.
Mackenzie: Okay, Bluey, I promise not to start until you're ready.
Bluey: And I promise I'll be ready when you start.
Scene: They all throw their hands up in celebration.
All: Hooray!
Honey: Let's play!
Bluey: Hang on, you still don't have an assistant.
Scene: Rusty runs through the door.
Rusty: Can I play?
Chloe, Mackenzie, Bluey, and Honey: Yes!
Rusty: Thanks. Who can I be?
Chloe, Mackenzie, Bluey, and Honey: The assistant!
Scene: They laugh.  Rusty gives a double thumbs-up.
Rusty: Great.
Scene: Infernal Gallop  begins to play again.  Bluey rubs her hands together.
Bluey: Right!
Scene: The camera changes to a first-person shot from Bluey's perspective.  She points at Chloe.
Bluey: Chloe is the shopkeeper,
Scene: She points at Mackenzie.
Bluey: Mackenzie is the customer,
Scene: She points at Honey.
Bluey: Honey is the cat,
Scene: She points at Rusty.
Bluey: and Rusty is the assistant!
Scene: The first-person shot ends.
All: Yay!
Mackenzie: And Bluey is my other cat!
All: Yes!
Bluey: Wait, we've only got one lead.
Scene: Rusty picks up a vine.
Rusty: We sell leads!
All: Hooray!
Scene: Rusty holds up the lead.
Rusty: Okay!
Scene: Chloe holds her hands in dooting position.
Chloe: Okay!
Scene: Honey makes a grasping paw gesture, with big shiny eyes.
Honey: Meow!
Bluey: Meoooow!
Mackenzie: Okay!
Scene: Mackenzie has his arm cocked to pantomime opening the door.  The music begins to crescendo towards the climax.
Mackenzie: I'm gonna do this! I'm about to open the door. I'm --I'm coming in! Is anyone gonna stop me? No? No?
Scene: Mackenzie has gone on so long that the music has run out of build-up.  The orchestra stretches the last measure before the climax as long as they can, then falls silent.
Bluey: Just start!
Scene: Mackenzie pantomimes opening the door.  The music resumes directly at the climax.  Everyone's tail wags in time with the music.
Mackenzie: Da-ding! Hi! I'm here to buy a lead for my other kitten.
Chloe: Certainly, customer. My assistant will get that for you.
Scene: Rusty hands Chloe the vine.
Chloe: Doot! Here you go.
Scene: Chloe hands Mackenzie the vine, which he ties around Bluey.  Rusty hands Chloe some lumpy lilly-pillies, which she passes to Mackenzie.
Chloe: And here's some kitten treats for your pets.
Mackenzie: Thanks.
Scene: Mackenzie pockets the lumpy lilly-pillies, and hands Chloe some round lilly-pillies.
Mackenzie: Here's some dollar bucks.
Honey: Meow!
Bluey: Rrrow!
Scene: Mackenzie, Bluey, and Honey turn to leave the shop.  Chloe and Rusty wave.
Mackenzie: Bye!
Chloe: Bye!
Mackenzie: (offscreen) Da-ding!
All: Yes!
Bluey: Let's play Bus Drivers!
All: Yeah!
Scene: They all run out of the scene.  Rusty knocks over the counter as he exits.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is an unusual arrangement of Infernal Gallop.  It is quiet and primarily features woodwinds and plucked strings.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens on the front lawn of the Heeler house.  Bandit and Bingo are leaving in the car, while Bluey and Chilli wave from the porch.
Bluey: Bye, dad!
Chilli: See you later!
Bingo: Bye!
Scene: Bandit honks the horn.
Bluey: See you Bingo!
Scene: Thunder rolls.  Music featuring primarily plucked and strummed guitar begins to play.  A heavy rain begins to fall.  There is no further dialogue in the episode.
Scene: Chilli and Bluey glance at each other, then run off the porch.
Scene: Chilli carries a laundry basket to the side of the house and takes down the laundry.  Bluey dances in the rain.
Scene: The title card shows three building blocks.  No one reads the episode title. Instead, the rain and music continue.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey dancing in the front yard, and Chilli taking down the laundry.
Scene: Cut to a dark blue rainy sky.  Thunder rolls, the distant lightning illuminates the clouds.
Scene: Cut to the roof.  Beads of water roll down the ridges in the metal roof.
Scene: Cut to the gutter.  As drops of water from the roof turn into streams, the gutter fills and water flows to the downspout.
Scene: Cut to the base of the downspout.  A trickle of water flows out, onto a splash block covered in leaves.  The trickle turns into a gushing torrent, and water flows along the fence to the front walk.
Scene: Cut to the front lawn.  Bluey is spinning around, trying to catch raindrops in her mouth.  She notices the stream flowing down the front walk.
Scene: Bluey stops, and jumps into the stream, jumping over and over, then kicks the water to make a bigger splash.
Scene: She decides to block the water with her feet instead.  The water builds up and flows around her feet, so she crouches down, and blocks it with her hand as well.  As the water flows around her hand, Chilli finishes taking down the washing, and runs it to the front porch.  She ducks inside the front door and comes back with an umbrella.
Scene: Chilli yells something to Bluey.
Scene: Bluey perks up and runs to get the umbrella.  Back at the front walk, she opens the umbella, sets it down, and tries to use it to block the stream.  Chilli notices, but lets it go.
Scene: Too much water flows into the umbrella and Bluey loses her grip.  She tips out the umbrella, folds it up, and tosses it away.  After looking around for a moment, she notices a plastic-wrapped newspaper.
Scene: She blocks the stream with her feet again, then uses the newspaper to extend her dam.  As the water builds up, it pushes the newspaper out of the way.  Bluey has an idea and runs off.
Scene: Back at the porch, Chilli walks out of the house and lays down on the deck chair.  Bluey runs past her into the house, leaving a trail of puddles and leaves.  Chilli gets back up, surprised.
Scene: Cut to the playroom.  Bluey grabs a handful of building blocks, and runs back out.
Scene: Cut to the front door.  Chilli freezes Bluey in her tracks with her Death Glare.  They talk over each other.  Chilli gestures with frustration at the mess on the floor, and then the door.  Bluey excitedly points outside as she talks.
Scene: Chilli gestures at the mess again, and Bluey halfheartedly tries to clean up a puddle by rubbing it with her foot.  Chilli gestures out by pointing her thumb over her shoulder, and Bluey runs outside.
Scene: Back at the front walk, Bluey straightens out the newspaper, then uses her blocks to build a longer dam.  She holds the newspaper in place with her hands, but the blocks begin to wash away.  Bluey puts her hands on her hips and considers the problem.
Scene: Chilli comes out on the front porch with a mop and towel.  She sets the mop by the front door, and folds the towel on the porch.  She points at the towel very emphatically.
Scene: Chilli sits back down in the chair.  Bluey runs up on to the porch and grabs the towel, taking it out to the yard.  Chilli looks shocked.
Scene: Bluey straightens up her dam, then rolls up the towel.  She uses the rolled towel to reinforce the blocks.  It works for a moment, but then the newspaper starts to wash away again.  She moves the towel to hold the newspaper in place too - and a block starts to wash away.  She thinks for a moment.
Scene: Cut to the laundry room.  Chilli is grabbing another towel out of a cupboard.  Bluey snatches it out of her hands and runs out, leaving a trail of puddles and leaves.  Chilli protests.
Scene: Back at the the dam, Bluey rolls up the second towel and reinforces the newspaper.  Her dam is less than halfway across the walk, and soon water is flowing past the edge again.  Wordless vocals join the music.  She uses her feet to extend the dam, then crouches down and uses both hands as well.  The water still flows past.
Scene: Cut to the front porch.  Chilli comes out the front door of the house, walking backwards while mopping up Bluey's trail of puddles.  She spots Bluey running up the front walk.
Scene: Chilli desperately tries to block the front door.  She leans sideways to block with her shoulder, then sits down and uses the mop to block Bluey as she tries to go low.  She moves the mop side to side several times, blocking Bluey.  Then Bluey gets her head under Chilli's arm.
Scene: The shot cuts the entrance, we see Chilli's back in the door.  One of Bluey's arms and then the other pops past her barricade.  Then her head pops free.
Scene: The shot cuts back to the porch, Chilli strains with effort as Bluey pumps her legs for traction.
Scene: Cut to a wider shot that contrasts the water flowing around Bluey's dam with Bluey squirming through her mother's blockade.
Scene: Cut to the entrance.  Bluey squeezes past Chilli and runs inside; Chilli falls over backwards and lays there with her eyes closed.
Scene: In the playroom, Bluey picks up a dollhouse and runs back out.
Scene: In the entrance, she runs past Chilli, who is still laying in the doorway.
Scene: Back at the dam, Bluey adds the dollhouse to her construction.
Scene: Chilli sits back down on her chair.  The music fades.
Chilli: (sighs audibly)
Scene: Chilli watches Bluey adjust her dam, as a new musical theme comes in, featuring bowed strings and harp.
Scene: Chilli's annoyed expression changes to a smile.
Scene: Cut to another shot of the sky.  Thunder rolls, and distant lightning illuminates the storm clouds.
Scene: Cut to the roof.  Water rolls down the ridges.
Scene: Cut to the gutter.  Water pours down the hole to the downspout.
Scene: Cut to the downspout.  Water gushes out onto the splash block.
Scene: Cut to Bluey's dam.  She's extending the dam with her feet and hands again.  Still, her dam is not quite long enough.
Scene: As the water is about to pass Bluey's fingertips, the music swells.  Chilli's feet step into frame, extending the dam further.
Scene: Bluey cheers up noticeably.  Chilli, holding an umbrella, just shrugs.
Scene: The dam is still not quite long enough.  Bluey says something.
Scene: Chilli sighs, and discards the umbrella.  She crouches down and uses her hands to extend the dam, finally reaching all the way across the walkway.
Scene: As the water nearly reaches the other side of the walkway, both their tails start to wag furiously -- but the rain stops, and the water is no longer advancing.  The two look up at the sky.
Scene: Cut to the roof.  The last few drops of water roll down.
Scene: Cut to the gutter.  The last water flows down the hole to the drainpipe.
Scene: Cut to the drainpipe.  The water slows from a gush, to a trickle, to drips.
Scene: Cut to the dam.  The waters begin to drain away. Chilli and Bluey stand up, and hold out their hands to feel for raindrops.  There are none. Bluey sighs, and Chilli puts her hand on Bluey's back, then pulls her in for a side hug.
Scene: The clouds part, and yellow sunlight illuminates the scene.  Bluey notices something, and points toward the cul-de-sac.  Chilli turns to look.
Scene: A double rainbow stretches across the sky.
Scene: Chilli and Bluey stare in awe.  Chilli pulls Bluey in for another side hug, and their tails wag slowly.
Scene: The rainbow fades.  Bluey turns and picks up the dollhouse.  Chilli gestures dismissively, and Bluey puts it back down.  The both walk towards the porch.
Scene: Thunder rumbles, and the light dims.  They both look to the sky.  The music dies down to just a harp.
Scene: Over the rooftop, storm clouds are illuminated by lightning.
Scene: Heavy rain begins to fall again.
Scene: Cut to the gutter, filling with water once again.
Scene: Cut the downspout.  A trickles turns into a gushing torrent.
Scene: Cut to the front walkway . Chilli and Bluey hold out their hands to feel the rain.  Water begins to stream down the front walk.
Scene: Bluey turns around to follow its progress, Chilli follows it with her eyes.
Scene: They make eye contact, and the music swells as they both run towards the dam.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The full arrangement of the episode music with all instruments plays during the credits.  Bluey is replaced by the discarded umbrella.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens at a fenced playground, early in the morning.  Bandit lounges on a bench.  Bluey arranges bark chips on a counter that's built into the play structure.  Fido and Winnie enter through the gate.  Fido takes a seat on another bench.  Winnie walks up to Bluey.
Winnie: Hello.
Bluey: Hi. Do you want to play Café?
Winnie: Ooh, yes, please.
Scene: Bluey gathers the bark chips into a pile.
Bluey: This can be banana bread.
Scene: Winnie picks one up off the ground and adds it to the pile.
Winnie: Ooh, this one too.
Bluey: My name's Bluey.
Winnie: I'm Winnie. Nice to meet you.
Scene: Bandit and Fido make eye contact.  They nod, each acknowledging the other.
Scene: Back at the play structure, Bluey and Winnie arrange the bark chips into piles on the counter.
Winnie: Have you got any brothers and sisters?
Bluey: I've got a sister, Bingo, but she sleeps in. That's why she's not here.
Winnie: My sister sleeps in too.
Bluey: Oh.
Winnie: Ready.
Bluey: Great! Let's take the customers' orders.
Scene: Bluey pantomimes holding an notepad.
Winnie: What customers?
Scene: Bandit and Fido are looking at their phones.
Bluey, Winnie: Dad, can you be our customer?
Scene: Bandit and Fido look up from their phones, and make eye contact again.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Café.
Scene: Bandit and Fido groan as they wedge themselves into the child-sized seats around a child-sized table.
Bandit: Hey, mate. Bandit.
Fido: Fido.
Scene: They avoid making eye contact.  Winnie walks up, pretending to hold a notepad and pen.
Winnie: This is the café, and you two are friends. What would you like to order?
Fido: I-I'll have a cup of tea, thanks.
Winnie: Well, we only have banana bread, sorry.
Fido: Oh, well, I'll have some banana bread. Toasted, please.
Winnie: Great. And what would you like?
Fido: (stage whispering) The banana bread's pretty good.
Bandit: Banana bread, also toasted.
Winnie: Okay, two banana breads.
Bandit, Fido: Toasted!
Scene: Bluey walks out, and sets a bark chip in front of each of them.
Bluey: Here you go.
Winnie: That's two dollar bucks. Tap here.
Scene: Winnie pretends to hold out a credit card terminal, and Bandit pretends to tap a card.
Bandit: Boop!
Winnie: Sorry, that didn't work.
Bandit: Oh.
Bluey: You must be out of money.
Winnie: Yeah, you spent it all on strawberries.
Bandit: Oh, yeah, I did.
Fido: I'll get it. I've got cash.
Scene: Fido scoops some leaves off the ground and hands them to Winnie.  Winnie counts the leaves into Bluey's hands.
Bandit: Thanks, mate. I have a strawberry problem.
Winnie: This isn't enough money. This is only enough for one banana bread.
Scene: Bluey confiscates Bandit's bark chip.
Bluey: You'll have to share.
Scene: Bluey and Winnie run off, laughing.
Scene: Fido pretends to nibble on the bark chip, then hands it to Bandit, who does the same.
Fido: They forgot to toast it.
Scene: Later, Bluey and Winnie are pretending to cook food and arrange it on the counter.  Fido and Bandit are talking.
Bandit: Yeah, they're just a pain to maintain, that's all.
Fido: Yeah, true.
Scene: Bluey and Winnie run up, holding hands.
Bluey: Dad, can we go to Winnie's house for breakfast? She invited me.
Bandit: Oh, ah, no, mate.
Scene: Bandit pries his legs out from under the table.
Bandit: We've got to get home, actually.
Scene: Fido extracts his legs from under the table as well.
Fido: Yeah, we better get back, too.
Bluey: Okay. Bye, Winnie.
Winnie: Bye, Bluey.
Scene: The hug enthusiastically.
Bluey: Squeeze me tight. Whoa, that's tight.
Scene: Bluey and Winnie continue hugging, picking each other up off the ground in turn.  Bandit and Fido shake hands.
Bandit: Nice to meet you, mate.
Fido: Yeah, you too.
Scene: Later, in the dining room, the Heelers are eating toast for breakfast.  Bingo, still sleepy, is having trouble pouring herself a glass of orange juice.
Bluey: Mum, I made a new friend! Her name's Winnie. She likes budgies.
Chilli: Oh, she sounds nice.
Bluey: She is. We played Café. But dad said we couldn't go to her house for breakfast.
Bandit: Well, we'd only just met them.
Bluey: But Winnie's my friend. And you're friends with her dad.
Bandit: Well, I wouldn't say we're friends yet.
Bluey: Why? Don't you like him?
Bandit: Well, yeah, he's a good guy.
Bluey: So why aren't you friends?
Bandit: Well, we just need to get to know each other a bit better first.
Bluey: How long will that take?
Bandit: It'll take as long as it takes.
Bluey: You sure take a long time to make friends.
Chilli: Well, a café's a great place to get to know someone.
Scene: Bingo manages to pour some orange juice in her glass, but she spills a lot too.
Bingo: Ah!
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Scene: The next morning at the playground, Fido is already sitting on a bench.  Bandit and Bluey come in through the gate.
Bluey: Winnie!
Scene: Bluey runs off screen.
Winnie: (off screen) Bluey!
Fido: Back for more?
Bandit: Gotta be done.
Bandit takes a seat on the other bench.  The moment he does: 
Bluey, Winnie: Customers!
Scene: Bandit and Fido are sitting down at the table.
Bandit: Yeah, it is a good school, actually.
Scene: Winnie sets a bark chip down in front of each of them.
Winnie: Here are your chai lattes.
Scene: Bluey sets a pile of twigs down in the middle of the table.
Bluey: These are sugar packets.
Bandit: Ooh, really?
Fido: Ooh!
Scene: Bluey holds them back.
Bluey: But, they're just for chai lattes, okay? You can't just eat them.
Bandit, Fido: Uh, sure, we won't.
Scene: Bluey walks away.  Bandit and Fido immediately pretend to pour sugar packets directly into their mouths.
Bluey: Aah! They're eating sugar packets!
Fido: We're made. Run!
Bandit: Grab the sugar!
Fido: Yeah!
Scene: Bandit and Fido each scoop up some twigs and run.  Bluey and Winnie chase after them.
Bluey: Get them, Winnie.
Scene: Fido, followed by Bandit, run up the seesaw, causing it to move as they pass the fulcrum.
Bandit: They're coming!
Fido: Quick!
Scene: Fido climbs up the slide.
Fido: Get up here, Bandit! Come on!
Scene: Fido gives Bandit a hand climbing the slide, as Bluey and Winnie reach the bottom of the slide and start climbing.
Bluey: Come back here!
Scene: Bandit and Fido crawl into a roofed part of the structure.
Fido: Look out!
Bandit: All right!
Scene: Fido slides down a different slide.  Bandit slides down on his belly, crashing into Fido.
Bandit: Oof!
Scene: They stand up and keep running.
Bandit: Save the sugar!
Scene: Bandit scales a climbing net.
Bandit: Get up here, Fido!
Scene: Fido follows, having some trouble with the net.
Fido: Oh, this net...
Bluey: We'll get you!
Bandit: Down here. Whoa!
Scene: Bandit slides down a tube slide, followed by Fido. The slide spits them out on the ground.
Bandit and Fido: Oof!
Scene: They get up, laughing, and run off as Winnie and Bluey reach the bottom of the slide and give chase
Bluey: Put that sugar down!
Fido: No way.
Bluey: It's for your chai lattes!
Fido: Unh-unh!
Bandit: Run, Fido!
Scene: Later, in the dining room, the Heelers are eating sliced fruit for breakfast.
Bluey: And then we chased them around the whole playground!
Chilli: Well, it sounds like you all had a lot of fun.
Bandit: Yeah, we did.
Bingo: Can I come and play Café tomorrow?
Bandit: Yeah, if you get up early.
Bingo: Okay.
Bluey: Are you and Winnie's dad friends now?
Bandit: Oh, well, a little bit. I don't know. Eat your breakfast.
Scene: Bluey and Chilli give each other a thumbs-up.
Scene: The next morning, Bandit is stretching in front of the house.  Bluey walks down the stairs.
Bandit: Okay, let's go!
Scene: Bingo walks onto the porch.
Bingo: I'm up!
Bandit: Hey, Bingo!
Scene: Later, at the playground, Bluey and Winnie are running the café kitchen, while Bandit and Fido talk at the table.
Bandit: Oh-ho, no way! So what'd you do?
Scene: Bingo, acting as server, carries a handful of bark chips to the table.  She drops them, one by one, as she walks.
Fido: Well, I'm looking at this snake, and I'm thinking 'this guinea pig is not looking—'
Scene: Bingo arrives with the last remaining bark chip.
Bingo: Granola!
Bandit: Oh, thanks. Hey, there's only one granola!
Scene: The kids laugh.
Fido: I think the staff here are just too young.
Scene: Bandit and Fido stand and pose heroically.
Bandit: Well, Fido, we have no choice but to—
Scene: Bingo pulls on Bandit's arm.
Bingo: Ooh, Dad, can you push me on the swing?
Scene: Bingo pulls Bandit away.
Bandit: Ah, yeah, sure.
Bandit: (to Fido) Sorry, mate.
Fido: No worries.
Scene: Fido sits back down.
Scene: Bandit pushes Bingo on the swings.
Bingo: ♫ Oh, a bit higher please. ♫
Scene: Bandit watches the game of Café continue without him.
Bluey: What would you like to order? And, do you like my dad?
Fido: Croissant, please. And, yeah, I do like your dad.
Scene: Winnie hands Fido a bark chip.
Winnie: Good. Because he likes you.
Bluey: And we're all out of croissants.
Scene: Bluey takes the bark chip back.
Bandit: Bingo, you sure you don't want to play Café?
Bingo: No, thanks.
Bandit: (sadly) Okay.
Scene: Bandit watches the game of Café.  Fido spits out his drink.
Fido: Pbbbt! This is soy milk!
Scene: Bluey and Winnie laugh and run away.
Scene: Later, at breakfast, the Heelers are eating cereal.  Bingo sleepily tries to pour some more cereal into her bowl.
Bluey: And Winnie has seen a echidna for real life!
Chilli: Wow.
Bluey: Chyeah! That's what I said.
Chilli: And how's Winnie's dad?
Bandit: Oh, I don't know. I didn't get to chat to him much this morning.
Chilli: Oh, too bad.
Bandit: Are we almost ready to have breakfast with them yet? Well, not just yet. But soon.
Scene: Chilli puts her hand on Bluey's arm encouragingly.  Bingo finally gets the cereal to pour, greatly overfilling her bowl.
Bingo: Whoa!
Scene: The next morning, Bandit does his stretches in the front lawn.  Bluey comes down the front steps.
Bandit: Is Bingo coming?
Bluey: No, she's still asleep.
Bandit: Oh, okay. Well, just us, then. Come on.
Scene: They talk as they walk to the playground.
Bluey: We're going to make disgusting smoothies for you and Fido.
Bandit: Well, we're gonna eat all your gingerbread men and run off without paying.
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Scene: They arrive at the playground.
Bluey: Oh, they're not here.
Bandit: Well, I guess they don't come every morning.
Scene: A bit later, Bandit sits at the table, alone.  Bluey brings him a drink.
Bluey: Here's your smoothie.
Bandit: Oh, thanks.
Scene: Bandit pretends to gulp it down.
Bandit: Gluk, gluk, gluk!
Scene: He pretends to spit it out.
Bandit: Bleh! Pleh! Aw, yuck! Pleh!
Scene: Bluey giggles for a moment, but they both soon go quiet.
Bluey: I wish Winnie was here.
Bandit: I know you do.
Scene: Bandit pats Bluey on the shoulder.  She sits down in the other seat.
Bluey: Do you wish Winnie's dad was here?
Scene: Bandit thinks for a moment.
Bandit: Yeah, I do. He's good fun, actually.
Bluey: If you asked Winnie's dad to be your friend, do you think he would say yes?
Bandit: Well, I don't know. Maybe.
Bluey: If you weren't my dad, I'd want to be your friend.
Bandit: Aw, thanks, mate.
Scene: He pats Bluey on the head and stands up.
Bandit: Come on. We have to get back for brekkie.
Winnie: (off screen) Bluey!
Scene: Winnie runs towards them.
Bluey: Winnie!
Scene: She runs up to Bluey for a hug.  They spin each other around.  Fido jogs up and shakes Bandit's hand.
Fido: Sorry we're late. Buggalugs slept in.
Bandit: No worries. We were just heading back for brekkie.
Winnie: Oh...
Fido: O-Okay. No worries.
Bandit: Well, um...
Scene: Bandit looks at the kids.  Winnie looks sad.  Bluey smiles at him encouragingly.
Bandit: Would you like to come
Scene: to our house for breakfast?
Scene: The kids start wagging their tails.
Winnie: For real life?
Bandit: Only if it's okay with your dad. I mean, it's pretty short notice.
Winnie: Can we, Dad, please?
Fido: Yeah. Righto.
Bluey, Winnie: Yeah!
Scene: The leave the playground together.  Bandit and Fido walk side by side.  Bluey gives Winnie a piggyback ride, zigzagging as Winnie points to show her where to go.
Fido: How long does it take to get to your place?
Bandit: Eh, not too long. Here, I saved you some smoothie.
Scene: Bandit pretends to hand Fido a drink.  He takes it.
Fido: Oh, thanks!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music continues over the end credits, with a recorder gradually taking over the melody from the strings.  A willie wagtail lands, and hops back and forth.  It flies away again as the credits conclude.
<|endoftext|>
Reason: Script is not complete.
Scene: It cuts to Bingos school, with parents standing outside, Missy and Bentley answer the door.
Missy: Please come in.
Scene: It then cuts to their teacher and students playing. Standing in a circle clapping.
Mrs. Retriever: Oh, your dad's here, Bingo!
Bingo: Dad!
Bandit: Bingo! Chuckles That was a hard one.
Bingo: Dad! Dad! Exciting news!
Bandit: What's that?
Bingo: It's my turn to bring Bob Bilby home!
Bandit: Oh wow.
Bingo: He's a bilby and his name is Bob. Bob, this is my Dad. She then whispers to her dad. He's not actually real, he's a puppet. But you have to fold his ears down when you say that.
Bandit: OK. Hi Bob, nice to meet you. Well, let's you get back home and show you around.
Bingo: (GIGGLES)
Scene: Bandit stands up to leave to have Buddy in their way, they both look at each other before the title screen begins.
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Bob Bilby.
Scene: It cuts to the front of the Heeler Home before going into the kitchen.
Bluey: I took Bob Bilby home when I was at kindy.
Chilli: Do you remember that, Bingo?
Bingo: Um, ah, yeah I think so.
Bluey: Bob stays with us for the weekend. And we take photos of all the fun stuff we get up to, and then we stick them in the Bob Bilby book.
Bingo: This is bob at Jasper W's house. And this is with Harley.
Chilli: Oh, you did a bit of karate, Bob? Oh, whack-a-doo. I won't be messing with you.
Bingo: And this is when he went on a holiday with Mrs Terrier.
Chilli: Oh yes, she took Bob with her when she went to Scotland.
Bandit: Wow, Bob, you've really been around. I hope we can show you a good time, too. What do you reckon, kids?
Bingo and Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Bob Bilby tries to take a hold of what looks like to be Bandit's sandwich.
Bandit: Hey! That's mine! Let go!
Bluey: No, Bob, that's Dad's.
Bandit: (GROWLS)
Chilli: Careful, Dad, he knows karate.
Scene: It then cuts to the playroom, with Bingo and Bob Bilby on Bandit's back, with Bluey holding the tablet, going to take a picture.
Bluey: OK, I'll take the photo now. Come on, moo cow! Walk over here!
Bandit: Moo! Ah! Eee! Ah! Moo!
Bluey: OK, smile Bob!
Scene: Bluey takes a photo.
Bandit: (GROANS)
Bingo: Let me see!
Bandit: (GROANS)
Scene: Bluey shows Bingo the image.
Bingo and Bluey: (GIGGLE)
Bluey: Bob, this is the tablet. You can take photos with it, and watch cartoons, and play games!
Bingo: Let's show that game where you give Santa a haircut.
Bluey: Yay!
Scene: Both proceeding to play the game
Bandit: Not too long on it kids.
Scene: Chilli proceeding to take a photo on the current situation and looking at it, before the scene cutting to them on the car.
Bingo and Bluey: Cartoons! Cartoons! Cartoons! Cartoons! Cartoons!
Chilli: Can't you teach Bob some car games?
Bingo and Bluey, still: CARTOOOONNNNS!
Bandit: Ah alright. (Digging to get the tablet and bring it to the kids)
Bingo: Yeaaahh!
Scene: The girls both proceed to watch the cartoons, while Chilli, again, pulls out the phone and takes a picture, before it cuts to the mall.
Bandit: Ok who wants to be charge of the shopping list? (Pulled out and holding the shopping cart) Bob?
Scene: The camera moves to the kids watching the television display, showing the same cartoon the kids watched on their tablet during the car ride.
Bluey: Bob, this is Mixed-up Murphy, he's really funny.
Bingo: Yea. Really funny.
Scene: The camera zooms out to see Chilli watching sports on another display TV next to them. Then Bandit shows up, proceeds to pull out his phone and take two photos, and looking at them.
Scene: It cuts back to the car ride home, with Bingo and Bluey chanting Cartoons!, before having cut to the Heeler Home distant view, then to the living room, with Bandit lying on the couch and Bluey and Bingo watching cartoons.
Bandit: Kids, enough of that thing, I'm sure Bob is secretly- (Gets interrupted)
Bluey: NOOOOOOOO!
Bandit: Yeah, whatever. (Keeps to do his business.)
Scene: Chilli then takes a peek at the living room, and proceeding to pull out the phone and takes a picture. It cuts to Chilli printing out the taken pictures, then to the outside, where Bluey and Bingo are watching cartoons.
Chilli: Kids! I'm putting out photos in Bob Bilby's book!
Bluey and Bingo: Cool, let us see!
Scene: The kids get excited and run to the kitchen, where the scene cuts to there. Bluey and Bingo get on a chair and see the photos. Basically having Bob watching cartoons.
Bluey: These are just Bob watching cartoons!
Bandit: Oh wow.
Chilli: Yeup.
Bluey: He doesn't look like he's having much fun.
Chilli: No, he doesn't does he.
Scene: Bingo sniffles, with a tear visible. Proceeding to look outside and looking at Bob Bilby watching cartoons.
Bingo: Aww...
Scene: Bingo runs outside.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo..
Scene: Now outside, a saddened Bingo sits under the tree holding Bob Bilby. Chilli, Bandit and Bluey enter, with Chilli coming to sit beside her.
Chilli: Are you alright, Bingo?
Bingo: This is the most boring time Bob's had in the whole book.
Chilli: No, that's not true, kiddo!
Scene: Bluey looks at the pictures they've taken with Bob.
Bluey: Yeah, it is!
Scene: Bingo begins to tear up again.
Bingo: I'm the worst friend Bob's got. He's never going to want to visit again.
Chilli: Aww...
Bandit: Okay, let's sort this out. What's the best move right now?
Scene: The four contemplate on what to do next.
Bluey: I know!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the laundry room, where Bluey puts the devices in a laundry basket.
Bluey: Bob just copies whatever it is we do! And we're already doing boring stuff!
Bingo: So all we need to do is really exciting stuff!
Bluey: Yes!
Bingo: But how are we going to take a photo without the tablets?
Bandit: Ah, leave that to me!
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey, Bandit and Bingo in the garage. Bandit rummages through a box.
Bandit: This is all my stuff from when I used to be cool!
Scene: Bluey looks confused, while Bingo smiles and shrugs.
Bandit: Ah, here it is!
Bluey and Bingo: What is that?
Bandit: This is what a real camera looks like.
Scene: The garage door opens to show Chilli standing next to a bike.
Chilli: Are you ready, Bob?
Scene: Bob does a head-nod, while the three look interested. A speechless Bandit snaps a picture with the camera.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler house in daytime.
Bluey: ♫ Down by the banks of the Hanky Panky ♫
Scene: The scene changes to the laundry room.  Bluey is dance-marching along as she sings.
Bluey: ♫ Where the bullfrog—  ♫
Scene: Bluey notices a ten dollar note on the floor.  She stops singing and gasps.  She holds it up to the camera.
Bluey: Moneys!
Scene: In the kids' bedroom, Bingo lays on the watermelon rug.  She's singing, and following the ceiling fan with her eyes.
Bingo: ♫ ...jump from bank to banky. With an eeps, ipes, opes, oops. ♫
Scene: Bluey runs in and waves the money over Bingo's face.
Bluey: Bingo! Monies!
Bingo: Monies?
Scene: Bingo jumps up, and they both wag their tails in excitement.
Bingo & Bluey: MONIES!
Scene: In the living room, Bandit is lying on the couch, reading an absurdly tiny book.  Bluey and Bingo run in.
Bluey: Dad, can drive us to the corner shop to buy an ice-cream!? With our monies!
Bandit: Correction:
Scene: He closes the book and snatches the bill from Bluey's hand.
Bandit: You found my monies.
Scene: Bandit tucks the money under his bum and reopens his book.
Bluey & Bingo: Hey, that's ours!
Bandit: No, it's mine. I must have dropped it.
Bluey: Yeah, and we found it!
Bingo: Which make it OURS!
Scene: Bingo stomps her foot for emphasis.
Bandit: Uh-uh, you have to work for money, kids.
Bingo: No you don't. It comes from the machine in the wall, I've seen it.
Bluey: Yeah, you have just to push buttons.
Bandit: There's more to it than that.
Bingo: This is OUTRAGEOUS!
Scene: Bingo stomps her foot again.
Bluey: Yeah, we want ice-cream.
Bandit: Ice-cream tastes the best when you've earned it.
Bluey: (skeptically) That's not true.
Bandit: Well, let's find out.
Scene: Bandit puts the book down and stands up.
Bandit: Come on, in the car. Let's go.
Scene: Bluey jumps for the excitement. The girls' tails begin to wag.
Bluey: What?! Are we having ice-cream?!
Bandit: Yep, I'll drive you to the corner shop.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo squeal in joy and start to run to the car.
Bandit: Oh, just one thing.
Bluey & Bingo: Huh?
Scene: Bandit touches his nose.
Bandit: Boop!
Scene: Bandit collapses limply to the floor.
Bandit: Ragdoll!
Bluey & Bingo: Oh, no! Not Ragdoll!
Bandit: This episode of Bluey is called: Ragdoll.
Scene: The scene resumes. Bingo pushes on Bandit's stomach, while Bluey tries pressing his nose again.
Bingo: Dad, come on!
Bluey: We don't want to play Ragdoll. We just want ice-cream.
Bandit: Sounds good! I just need some help getting to the car.
Bluey: Agh!
Scene: Bluey turns and yells with cupped hands.
Bluey: MUUUM!
Bandit: Your mum's at work, earning monies.
Bingo: It's not that far to the car. We just need to pull him.
Scene: Bingo grabs an arm and starts to pull.
Bluey: Okay, I'll push from this side.
Bluey: Ready? Go!
Scene: Bluey throws her weight against Bandit's hip while Bingo pulls.  They both grunt with effort, and Bandit moves almost imperceptibly.
Bluey: He moved!
Bingo: Hurray!
Bluey: Now, pull on that leg, I'll push his bum.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo slowly turn Bandit almost ninety degrees.
Bandit: I wonder what flavour ice-cream I'll get.
Bluey: It's working!
Bingo: It's very slow, though.
Bluey: Let's try rolling him.
Bingo: Okay!
Scene: Bingo climbs over Bandit's face.
Bandit: Maybe Choc chip. Mmm! Choc Mint?
Bluey: Ready, set go!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo both heave at Bandit's back, rolling him over onto his face.
Bandit: Bubblegum. Salted caramel.
Scene: 'Bluey and Bingo grunt, rolling him over another half-turn.
Bandit: No, wait! Pistachio! Definitely pistachio.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo grunt and roll him another half turn.  They've almost gotten him off the rug.
Bandit: Hurry up, kids! I want an ice-cream!
Bluey & Bingo: We are going as fast as we can!
Scene: The continue rolling him, until he reaches the door.  The all grunt as he hits the doorway - he's sideways, and won't fit through.
Bandit: Oop! Square peg in a round hole.
Bingo: Ooh! I know.
Scene: Bingo runs off, while Bluey braces her back against Bandit and tries to force him through.
Bluey: Argh. Dad. This is too hard!
Bandit: (wisely) Obstacles do not block' the path, they are the path.
Bluey: I don't understand what you're saying!
Scene: Bingo returns, rolling the green yoga ball.
Bingo: Bluey, you lift him up that way!
Bluey: Ugh. Okay.
Scene: They both grunt, as Bluey pulls on Bandit's arm, lifting his torso, and Bingo wedges the ball underneath him.
Bluey: This is hard work!
Bandit: A bit of hard work never hurt anyone.
Scene: Bluey grunts one more time and tips him over, and he falls sideways through the doorway.  His head hits the floor.
Bandit: Ooh! Okay, that actually did hurt.
Bluey: Come on, Bingo!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo clamber over Bandit to get into the hallway.
Bandit: That's it kids! If you get knocked down seven times, you get up eight!
Bandit: There's no 'I' in 'team'.
Bluey: Dad! stop talking!
Bingo: Bluey, look!
Bluey: Oh yeah! This will be easy.
Scene: The camera pulls back, all the way down the living room staircase to the landing
Scene: Bandit What will be easy?
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit sliding down the stairs backwards on his belly.
Bandit: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Bandit: Obstacles— Oh!
Bandit: Are placed— Ooh!
Bandit: : In our way— Ugh!
Bandit: To see if want we want... Ow!
Bandit: Is really worth... Urgh!
Bandit: Fighting for!
Bluey & Bingo: Whoo! Go, dad!
Scene: Bandit slides down the last few stairs.
Bandit: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle as he comes to a stop at the landing.
Bingo: Help me get him around the corner.
Scene: They both groan and push on his back.
Bluey: He's stuck!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo clamber over Bandit again.
Bluey: Even if we get him out of the house, we still have to get him all the way across the yard to the car.  It's impossible!
Bandit: (wisely) Great works are performed not by great strength but by perseverance.
Scene: Bluey puts her hands on her hips.
Bluey: Hang on! Are you trying to teach us something?
Bandit: (wisely) One must persevere—
Bluey: Awww! He is!
Bingo: What?!
Bandit: Okay, yes, I'm trying to teach you the value of hard work.
Bingo: Why do you keep trying to teach us things that we don't want to learn!?
Bandit: Becuase i don't want you growing up to be lazy.
Bluey: Ugh. That's it. We're not going any further.
Scene: Bluey sits down on the bottom step, sulking.
Bandit: What, you don't want ice-cream?
Bluey: No, you can keep your monies.
Scene: Bingo joins her.
Bandit: Okay.
Scene: No one speaks for a few seconds.
Bingo: Bluey?
Bluey: Yes?
Bingo: I do want ice-cream.
Bluey: Me too.
Bluey: Right, come on, we're getting this big blue guy in the car.
Scene: Bluey gets up and starts trying to unwedge one of Bandit's feet.
Bingo & Bandit: Hurray!
Scene: Bingo clambers onto Bandit to untangle his other leg.
Bluey: But. We're not learning anything. Got it?
Bandit: Got it.
Bandit: But do yourself a favor.
Bandit: (wisely) Don't work hard' if you can work smart.
Bluey: Hm...
Scene: Bluey rolls a skateboard to the bottom of the stairs.
Bluey: Ready, Bingo?
Bingo: Ready!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo grunt and push on Bandit's back.  He rolls down the last two steps and lands on the skateboard.
Bandit: OW!
Bluey & Bingo: YEAH!
Scene: Bandit groans.
Scene: The scene changes to the foyer.  Bluey and Bingo are pulling Bandit by his legs.  They've tied roller skates on his wrists so they will also roll.
Bingo: This is easy!
Scene: They pull him through the front door onto the porch.  Bandit gets jostled as the skateboard goes over the threshold.
'Bandit: Ooh!  Ohh!
Bluey: That's the car!
Bingo: Hurray!
Bluey: Let's skateboarding him down the stairs!
Bandit: WHAT!? No, do not skateboard me down those stairs.
Bluey: Okay, fine.
Scene: Wendy, wearing sweatbands and carrying weights, power-walks by the Heelers' house.
Wendy: ♫ Where the Bullfrog jumps from— ♫
Scene: Bluey and Bingo drop Bandit, who slides down the front steps on his bum.
Bandit: Argh! Ooh! Ooh!
Wendy: Oh, my goodness!
Bluey & Bingo: Hurray!
Bandit: Morning, Wendy!
Scene: Wendy rushes to help.
Wendy: What's going on? Are you okay?
Bingo: He stole our monies!
Wendy: What?!
Bandit: Oh that's putting a bit of slant on it.
Bluey: He said he'll only give it back if we carry him all the way to the car.
Wendy: Is that right?
Bandit: Just keep walking, Wendy. This doesn't concern you.
Wendy: It does now. Come, on girls.
Scene: Wendy drops her weights and grabs Bandit's feet.
Bandit: Hey, Wendy, watch the hands.
Scene: They all grunt as they roll Bandit through the front yard.
Wendy: Bossing around young children!
Scene: They all grunt again
Wendy: Honestly!
Bandit: Hey, hey, hey! watch the prickles!
Scene: Bandit falls on his stomach, finally at the door.
Bandit: Ow!
Bluey: Argh! We'll never lift him into the car seat! He's too heavy!
Bandit: Ah well, whatcha gonna do.
Wendy: Get the door, girls. I'll show you what 10 years of Pilates can do.
Bandit: Hey, hey Wendy, what are you doing?!
Scene: Wendy crouches down, with Bandit behind her.  She has both hands underneath him
Wendy: Pay attention, girls. Ready? Engage the core, straight back. Ready, Wendy? And... Heeeeeave!
Scene: She gradually lifts Bandit off the ground, thighs bulging.
Bandit: Look at those quads!
Bluey and Bingo: Wow!
Wendy: (straining) Promise me you'll work hard to maintain a strong core, girls. Don't get lazy!
Bluey and Bingo: Yes, Wendy. We won't!
Scene: Wendy grunts as she finally lifts Bandit into the driver's seat.
Bluey and Bingo: YEAAAAH!
Scene: Wendy stretches her arms proudly.
Bluey: Now we can have ice-cream!
Scene: Bandit slumps forward, honking the horn with his nose.
Wendy: Ooh!
Scene: Wendy pushes Bandit back into his seat.
Bandit: (smugly) I'm not sure I should be driving in this condition.
Bluey and Bingo: WHAT?!
Bingo: So we don't get ice cream?
Bandit: Not unless you can drive--
Scene: Wendy shoves him into the passenger's footwell.
Bandit: Ooh!
Scene: Wendy jumps into the driver's seat and buckles up.  She hooks her thumb at the backseat.
Wendy: Strap yourselves in, kids! I'll drive you to the shops.
Bluey & Bingo: Hurray!
Scene: The scene cuts to Wendy driving the car down the road.  Bandit is now sitting in the passenger seat, buckled in, slumped limply against the window.
Wendy, Bingo, Bluey: ♫ Down by the banks of the Hanky Panky, where the bullfrogs jumps from bank to banky. with a hip! ♫
Scene: The scene cuts to the corner shop.  Bluey and Bingo are seated at a table outside, with Bandit parked in the car right next to them.  He leans limply out the open window. Wendy comes out with three green ice-cream pops.  She gives one to Bluey and Bingo.
Wendy: Here you go, my darlings.
Bluey & Bingo: Thanks, Wendy!
Bandit: Thanks, Wendy? I paid for them!
Wendy: Oh, yes. Here's your change.
Scene: She balances three coins on Bandit's nose.  Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit: Okay, Bluey. Take a lick.
Scene: Bluey licks the ice cream, and the scene transitions to a metaphorical space.  A green and white kaleidoscope surrounds her, then she slides down a river of green liquid suspended in space.  She falls upwards into a sea of green, surrounded by a bubble.  The scene rotates a hundred and eighty degrees as the bubble pops. Bluey hangs upside down from the bottom of a large bubble, deeper in the sea of green.  She jumps from green platform to green platform, separated by rivers of vanilla.  She spins joyously on a rippling green plane, in front of a green rainbow, as green fireworks go off behind her.  The camera zooms into Bluey, then back out from her face into the real world.
Bluey: (shakily) Whoa.  This is the best ice-cream I've ever tasted.
Scene: Bandit springs to life, pointing at Bluey.  The coins fall to the table.
Bandit: HA! I told you!
Scene: Bingo grabs a coin.
Bingo: Monies!
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The music from the flavor montage, a bright synthesizer melody, plays over the ending credits.  Instead of Bluey dancing, green fireworks burst.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with Trixie driving Muffin to Bluey and Bingo’s house.
Trixie: Almost at Bluey and Bingo’s, Muffles.
Muffin: Hooray!
Scene: Muffin looks around, and as she thinks her mother is not looking, she pops her thumb into her mouth and starts sucking it like a pacifier.
Trixie: (notices Muffin through rear mirror) Ah-ah, Muffin! Don’t suck your thumb.
Muffin: Why?!
Trixie: Because it’s not good for your teeth, hon.
Muffin: I want to do what I want! It’s my thumb!
Scene: Muffin resumes sucking her thumb defiantly.
Trixie: Okay. Well, you know what I have to do.
Scene: Cut to the front door of Bluey and Bingo’s house where we can hear the doorbell ring.
Bluey: Muffin’s here! Now we can play Sandwich Shop!
Bluey and Bingo: Hey Muff-woah!
Scene: In front of them is an upset Muffin wearing a cone on her head.
Bluey: (surprised) What is that?
Muffin: (upset) It’s a cone!
Muffin: This episode of Bluey is called “Muffin Cone”.
Chilli: (walks in) Oh, poor Muffin.
Bingo: Why is Muffin wearing a cone?
Trixie: It’s to make her stop sucking her thumb.
Scene: Muffin struggles to suck her thumb through her cone, unsuccessfully. Her cousins giggle at the sight.
Muffin: Get in my mouth!
Chilli: Trix, are you sure about this?
Trixie: Well she needs to break the habit.
Chilli: I guess...
Scene: Muffin is still struggling to get her thumb in her mouth.
Trixie: Look, if she promises to stop sucking her thumb, I can take it off.
Bluey: What do you think, Muffin?
Scene: Upon hearing it, Muffin pauses for a moment.
Muffin: I want to suck my thumb!
Scene: Muffin makes another try, but just rolls over, knocking Bingo off laughing. The scene cuts to the playroom entrance where Bluey and Bingo walk through.
Bluey: This is gonna make it hard to play Sandwich Shop.
Scene: Muffin follows by, but knocks on the door frame and trips over a porcupine toy, both because she can't see.
Bingo: Up you get, Muffin. (picks Muffin up)
Muffin: Can I be the sandwich shop lady?
Bluey: Uh, sure. Let's give that a go.
Scene: Muffin's tail wags a little. The scene cuts to a corner of the playroom, where the sandwich shop is placed with Muffin in it humming as she sets the place up. Bluey and Bingo walk to the shop with the latter pushing a baby stroller.
Bingo: Hi!
Muffin: (walking to the two, knocking the table) Hello, what would you like on your sandwich?
Bingo: (places back a dropped toy meat on the floor on the table and picks up her baby) Um, ham and tomato, please.
Muffin: Okay. (knocks the back of the shop) Coming right up. (holds two items that are not bread) Here's the bread.
Bingo: (laughing) No, that's cheese! And that's lettuce!
Muffin: (angrily) It's bread! I can feel it!
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bluey: Muffin! You can't see anything with your cone on! Please can you promise not to suck your thumb?
Muffin: No! I can see!
Bingo: Here, I'll help you. (places her baby on the table and picks up the bread under the table) Here's the bread.
Muffin: Thank you! (puts the bread on the table, then tries to feel where the ham is. She ends up taking Bingo's baby Poppy instead) Here's the ham. (places Poppy between the bread).
Bingo: Ah! Poppy! (giggles)
Muffin: Now I'll cut it into twiangles.. (knocks around the shop once more as she searches it) where's the knife?
Scene: Bingo giggles some more.
Bluey: Muffin! You're making a baby sandwich!
Muffin: Here's the knife. (she ends up picking up a toy carrot)
Scene: Bingo makes another giggle.
Bluey: That's not a knife.
Muffin: (tries to cut the sandwich) This knife doesn't cut!
Scene: Bingo laughs again as she tries to pull Polly from the bread. As she succeeds, Muffin reacts in surprise as the sandwich falls apart. She moves her cone a little to give her knife a closer look
Muffin: Oh, this isn't a knife.
Scene: Bingo giggles again.
Bluey: (concerned) Let's go and see Aunt Trixie.
Scene: The scene goes to the kitchen counter.
Trixie: It's a bit of tough love, that's all. All she needs to do is not put her thumb in her mouth. It's easy.
Scene: Meanwhile, Chilli gets a bag of chips and dumps some on a bowl on top of the counter.
Chilli: Chips? (pushes bowl closer to Trixie)
Trixie: Nah, I'm off the chips. I'm trying to eat healthy.
Chilli: Good on you! (grabs a chip and eats it)
Trixie: Well, one won't hurt. (eats a chip)
Scene: The kids enter the kitchen.
Bluey: Aunt Trixie, can you please take Muffin's cone off?
Trixie: Well, if I take it off, the first thing she'll do is to suck her thumb!
Bluey: She won't! She promises! Don't you Muffin?
Scene: Muffin blankly stares, as if she's looking at the camera
Bluey: See? Please, Aunt Trixie!
Chilli: Yeah. Please, Aunt Trixie?
Trixie: Okay. (takes Muffin's cone off)
Chilli, Bluey and Bingo: Hurray!
Bluey: Thank you, Aunt Trixie. We promise Muffin won't suck her thumb,  even once.
Scene: Another shot of the entire kitchen. Muffin expectedly sucks her thumb. The entire family notices.
Chilli, Bluey and Bingo: Muffin!
Scene: Muffin cheekily laughs at response. Once again, the scene goes to the playroom door, with Muffin attached with her cone again and bumping on the doorframe. Her cousins follow behind her.
Bingo: (to Muffin) Why can't you not suck your thumb?
Muffin: I don't know. I just can't.
Bluey: Well, we can't play Sandwich Shop then.
Muffin: I'm sorry. (sadly walks to the backyard through the room)
Scene: The scene returns to the kitchen.
Trixie: (while snacking on an emptying bowl of chips) I mean, she's only three. There's nothing wrong with a three-year-old, sucking her thumb, I guess.
Scene: Chilli refills the bowl, Trixie realizes.
Trixie: Oh, get these things away from me!
Chilli: Sorry, I shouldn't have put them out. You're trying to be healthy. (takes the bowl away)
Trixie: Nah, it's fine.
Chilli: Are you sure?
Trixie: Yeah. I can resist.
Scene: Chilli looks outside the window. She sees a sad Muffin sitting on a flower bed.
Chilli: Oh. (puts down bowl) I'm gonna have a chat with Bluey and Bingo. I'll be right back.
Scene: Trixie looks her leave. Then she looks at the bowl. The scene returns to the playroom's sandwich shop.
Bluey: Egg and lettuce please!
Bingo: Okay!
Chilli: (walks in) Hey, Bluey. Is Muffin okay?
Bluey: No. She's upset 'cause she has to wear her cone.
Bingo: Which means she can't play Sandwich Shop properly.
Chilli: Well, is there a game she can play with her cone.
Bluey: Maybe, but we want to play Sandwich Shop.
Chilli: Alright. It's just, I think she feeling a little embarrassed about her cone.
Bluey: Well, why can't she just not suck her thumb?
Chilli: She will, one day. Just don't give up on her, okay?
Scene: Chilli and Bluey look at each other for a while. Then they hug. Chilli leaves and the sisters look at each other. Scene cuts to Muffin, desperately pushing her thumb against the cone. Bluey and Bingo walk up to her.
Bluey: Hi Muffin.
Muffin: I'm sorry I can't stop sucking my thumb.
Bingo: It's okay, Muffin.
Muffin: I think I have to wear my cone forever.
Bluey: Well then, we're going to think of a game where your cone is okay.
Muffin: (curious) Really?
Bluey: Yeah.
Muffin: Thanks, Bluey.
Bingo: (touches the cone a bit) Hmm. What if we pop it down?
Bluey: Oh, yeah! Aunt Trixie didn't say anything about that!
Muffin: (enthusiastic) Ooh, okay!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo strain as they push the cone down. The cone inverts, exposing Muffin's head, though the rest of her body is mostly covered.
All: Yeah!
Bingo: You look like a wedding wife!
Bluey: Or a traffic cone!
Muffin: Or a ballerina! (spins around)
Scene: The girls laugh.
Bluey: I know. Let's play, Wedding Wife, Traffic Cone, and Ballerina!
Muffin and Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Scene returns to kitchen. On the counter is an empty bowl and Trixie looking suspiciously away from the camera.
Chilli: (walks in) Sorry, Trix. I- (notices empty bowl) What happened to the chips?
Scene: Trixie turns around, with lips and teeth stained with the chips' seasoning powder.
Chilli: (gasps) Trix!
Trixie: (guilty) It might be time to take off Muffin's cone.
Scene: Scene returns to the backyard, a series of games are played, starting with Wedding Wife, with Muffin as the bride next to Bingo throwing flowers, walking towards Bluey waiting for them.
Muffin and Bingo: (singing) We're getting married! We're getting married! We're getting married!
Scene: Then Traffic Cone, with Muffin wearing an orange cone on her head to complete the look, and her cousins acting as vehicles, vrooming around her.
Muffin: Please go around the traffic cone!
Scene: Then Bluey appears to go straight towards Muffin.
Muffin: I said, please go around the traffic cone!
Scene: Finally Ballerina. Bingo and Bluey play as husband and wife respectively watching a ballet show.
Bluey: Oh, Husband. Thank you so much for taking me to the ballet show.
Bingo: (man-like voice) No worries, babe.
Scene: Muffin appears from behind the tree dancing around with her tutu cone, decorated with stickers, while vocalizing the music. Bluey giggles at the sight. Muffin bows at the end of the performance.
Bluey: Wonderful!
Bingo: Unreal, babe!
Scene: Just one more game for them; Muffin's inverted cone has colored paper stuck inside it and the kids are back on the flower bed. Bluey and Bingo are beside her with the latter holding a watering can.
Bingo: Bluey, the seed is hatching!
Scene: Trixie walks into the playroom. Chilli follows.
Trixie: Muffin, honey! You can take off you cone no- (stops and looks outside)
Scene: The kids giggle as all this is happening. And then...
Kids: Hurray!
Scene: The cone pops back in place, revealing a sunflower centering at Muffin's face and her holding leaves to complete the look. Muffin giggles and the kids dance around.
Bingo: Thank you for hatching, beautiful sunflower!
Bluey: We love you!
Scene: Trixie's surprised look turns into a happy one. The scene cuts to the front yard as Trixie and Muffin leave with cone in hand.
Muffin: Bye Bingo, Bye Bluey!
Trixie: Bye, Chilli!
Bluey and Bingo: Bye, Muffin!
Bluey and Chilli: See you next Thursday!
Scene: Bluey's family wave Trixie and Muffin goodbye. The scene pans to the sky, then fades to next week in Muffin's family car. This time, Stripe is driving Muffin there.
Stripe: Almost at Bluey and Bingo's, Muffy!
Muffin: Hurray!
Scene: Muffin looks at her hand. She has a plan.
Muffin: Hey Dad, look at me! (puts thumb in her mouth again)
Stripe: Hey!
Scene: Muffin cheekily laughs. The scene cuts to Bluey and Bingo's house's front door. The doorbell rings.
Bluey and Bingo: (run to the door) Muffin's here!
Scene: They answer the door and find their cousin wearing a cone once again, although she looks very happy with it.
Kids: Cone of shame! (wag tails)
<|endoftext|>
Scene: Open at The Heeler House. In the sitting room, Bluey, Bandit and Chilli are all in the sitting room; the parents watch Bluey scrub the floor with vigor - Bandit sipping on a cup and Chilli reading her magazine.
Bandit: You missed a spot, Bluey.
Bluey: Oh, do I have to get every bit?
Bandit: If you're gonna do something, do it properly.
Bluey: Okay...
Scene: Bluey goes back to scrubbing as Bingo enters from screen right, holding something.
Bingo: Mum, what's this? [holding it up]
Chilli: Aww... that's your old papoose!
Bingo: Pa-poose?
Bandit: We used'ta walk you around the park with it instead of sleeping. [putting it on] Straps go 'round here... [pointing to the gap inside the papoose] ...and baby goes in here!
Bluey: Get in it, Bingo!
Bingo: Okay!
Scene: Bingo gets on the sofa and slots herself into the gap.
Bandit: Hey! Oh, hang on - you're not a baby! [Bingo kicks his face] Oh-umph-Ow!
Scene: Bingo giggles as she finds herself inside the papoose. Bluey has stopped scrubbing to see.
Bluey: [giggling] Look, Dad has a baby in his belly!
Scene: Bingo giggles once more; Bluey gasps!
Bluey: I know what we can play! [her tail excitedly wags from to and fro]
Bandit: Oh, no. Don't say it!
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called Dad Baby.
Scene: Cut back to the sitting room. Bandit currently has a face that screams Why do I gotta do this?
Chilli: This... isn't gonna end well.
Bluey: Okay, you're pregnant with baby Bingo... [taps the papoose, making Bingo giggle] So you have to act pregnant!
Bandit: Okay. If we're gonna do this, let's do it properly!
Scene: Bluey is now determined and excited! She smiles a wide smile as her tail wags to and fro.
Bandit: Hmm, how to act pregnant?
Scene: Bingo pops out of the papoose. Chilli closes her magazine and rolls it up...
Chilli: I'm just gonna get this ready...
Scene: Bandit clears his throat.
Bandit: [acting it out] Oh, my back! Oh, my feet! Grab my feet, Bluey... grab my feet.
Scene: Bluey giggles.
Chilli: Bandit Heeler!
Bandit: I'm hungry! Oh, I need to sit down! Oh, where's my vitamin E cream? Something about stretch marks...
Scene: Chilli whacks him with the mazagine, sending Bluey squealing and giggling!
Chilli: [as she whacks him] How dare you do that? You have no idea what I went through!
Bandit: How could you?! Ow-I'm with child!
Scene: They run off! Bandit follows a giggling Bluey into the hallway.
Bandit: Oh, slow down, Bluey. It's hard to run... [looks behind him] Is she still following us?
Scene: He turns around, knocking everything off the table.
Bingo: Ow!
Bandit: Whoops.
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bandit: [sighs] Ah, I better clean that up...
Scene: He struggles to reach for the items.
Bandit: Oh, cheese and crackers! You're heavy, Bingo!
Scene: Inside the papoose, Bingo giggles again.
Bandit: Bluey, can you clean this up for me, mate?
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey gets to work cleaning up the items.
Bandit: I'm gonna sit down.
Scene: Bluey is suddenly knocked to the floor by Bandit's papoose. She giggles.
Bluey: Watch it, big belly! [pats the papoose]
Bandit: Sorry.
Scene: He knocks her to the side once again. She giggles.
Bandit: Oh, man. I'm hungry!
Scene: Bandit follows Bluey into the kitchen.
Bluey: Okay, remember: you're eating for two people now.
Bandit: Sounds good to me.
Scene: Bluey tries to open the fridge door, but is stopped by the papoose.
Bingo: Ow! Watch it.
Scene: Second try's the charm.
Bluey: So... we've got cucumbers and radishes.
Bandit: Uh, I've actually got cravings for... these dim sims. [takes the plate]
Bluey: Dim sims?
Bandit: The baby wants dim sims.
Scene: Bingo peeks out the papoose, visibly excited.
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: As Bandit tries to eat one...
Bingo: [...takes the dim-sim with a...] Mine. [giggling]
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: She giggles.
Bandit: I'll try again.
Bingo: [taking another] Mine. [giggles]
Scene: Bluey joins in giggling.
Bandit: Right.
Bingo: [and another...] Mine. [...and another] Mine.
Bandit: Hey, Bingo, I'm hungry!
Scene: Bingo is eating the dim-sims. She giggles. Now Bluey and Bandit exit to the backyard.
Bluey: C'mon! Pregnant people need exercise too.
Bandit: Oh, man, this thing is uncomfortable... Oh, my back... [leans backward] Forget this. I need to sit down.
Scene: And sits down he does.
Chilli: [with a basket of laundry] How's it going, pregnant man?
Bandit: Oh-uh - [getting off the tree bench] yeah-uh... [almost goes off-balance but quickly corrects it] It's... too easy, man. Dunno what all the fuss is about.
Chilli: Oh, good.
Scene: Bingo peeks out. Indeed, Bandit shows bravado, confidence, even. But...
Chilli: Well, soon, you'll start feeling the baby kicking...
Scene: And now his confidence is gone. Bingo pops back inside.
Bandit: Oh, no... I'm sure that's not for a little while-
Scene: He's wrong, for the baby starts to kick.
Bandit: Ow! Ow... ow!
Scene: Inside...
Bingo: [kicking as she goes] Kick. Kick. Kick.
Bandit: Ohh, me guts...
Scene: Inside, Bingo giggles as she continues to kick.
Chilli: Oh, you never forget that first kick...
Bandit: ...oh! Okay, that's a wrap, kids. [tries to hastily remove the papoose] C'mon, unclip...
Bluey: No, not yet! You haven't had the baby.
Bingo: Kick! He-he.
Bandit: Oh-ho! Too bad. [tugging on the papoose] How do you get this thing... off?!
Bluey: [reminding him that] You said if you're going to do something, do it properly!
Bingo: Kick!
Bandit: [as he tries to remove it still] Oh! That advice doesn't apply to me...
Scene: ...but Bingo pokes her head out of the bottom of the papoose!
Bingo: Hello!
Scene: Both Bluey and Bandit shriek!
Bluey: He's having a baby!
Scene: Soon, Bandit finds himself in the swimming pool, panting hard. Now the baby needs to be delivered...
Bluey: What happens now?
Bandit: What are you asking me for? Aren't you the midwife?
Bluey: No, I'm just a friend. I work at a petrol station.
Bandit: What?!
Bingo: I'm comin' out...!
Scene: Both Bluey and Bandit shriek once again!
Bandit: Well, who's gonna deliver my baby?
Pat: (Singing in background, out of shot from camera)  🎵 Hey, true blue; Is it me and you?
Bandit: Yes.
Scene: Cut to pat setting up a sprinkler in his garden.
Pat: Is it Mum and Dad? Is it a- 🎵
Scene: Bluey pokes over the fence.
Bluey: Uh, Lucky's Dad, can you give us a hand with something?
Pat: Yeah, no worries, Bluey.
Scene: Cut to Pat kneeling beside a heavily-breathing Bandit.
Pat: I didn't know this was the something!
Bandit: Harden up, Pat.
Pat: But I don't know how to deliver a baby!
Bandit: I thought you grew up on a farm!
Pat: We grew sorghum!
Scene: Lucky comes out of his house.
Lucky: Dad, the cricket's started!
Pat: I'm busy, mate! Just shout if there's a wicket!
Lucky: Okay!
Scene: Lucky pops back inside.
Pat: [rolling up his sleeves] Well, how hard can this be? [rubbing his hands] I'll just grab a leg-
Scene: He's bitten by Bingo, who giggles and slots back inside!
Pat: Ow! Hey, where are you goin'?!
Bingo: [giggling] I'm not goin' anywhere!
Scene: Bingo slotting back inside elicits a tickle, making Bandit laugh.
Bandit: Bingo, that tickles!
Pat: [ever-determined] Oh, we'll see about this!
Scene: Bingo squeals as Pat grasps her leg.
Pat: I've got a foot!
Bluey: Pull!
Scene: Pat tries to pull her out, but a squealing Bingo has grabbed onto Bandit's fur!
Bandit: Oh... she's got my belly hair!
Scene: Pat continues to try to pull Bingo out.
Lucky: It's none for six, Dad!
Pat: Any boundaries?
Lucky: One boundary, two singles.
Pat: Who got the boundary?
Scene: Well, Pat's distracted at the moment, so....
Bluey and Bandit: Focus!
Pat: Oh, yeah, sorry.
Scene: And Pat goes back to pulling Bingo; soon afterward, he's finally made progress, getting the bum out.
Pat: Ohh, I can see the butt! I can see the butt!
Bluey: Keep pulling!
Pat: [continuing to try to pull her out] C'mon, you little...
Scene: The dim-sims from earlier fall out.
Pat: I'm getting a lot of dim-sims!
Scene: Cue Wendy in her garden.
Wendy: 🎵 Oh, I do like to be beside the seaside- 🎵
Pat: [from the Heeler yard] Push!
Bluey: [from the Heeler yard] Keep pulling!
Pat: Morning, Wendy!
Scene: She turns around to look at the commotion, screams, and runs away. Bingo continues to lengthen the time it takes to deliver. This time, by tickling.
Bingo: Tickle-tickle-tickle-tickle. You'll never get me out!
Scene: Bandit continues to laugh as Pat also continues to pull her out. Suddenly...
Bandit: Ow!
Pat: She's not budging! We may have to go through the sunroof!
Bandit: [truly exhausted] Just get this thing outta me!
Scene: Bluey decides to throw her cap into the ring. She'll have a go...
Bluey: Give me a go.
Scene: She pushes Pat off.
Bluey: Get outta the way.
Bluey: Okay. [rubs hands] I'll pull and you push.
Bandit: Okay!
Pat: Ooh, c'mon Bingo!
Bluey: Ready?
Pat and Bandit: Ready!
Scene: Now, Bluey starts to pull as Pat and Bandit start to push, with Bingo giggling all the while. This time, she's made some progress!
Bluey: It's working! Keep pushing!
Scene: They continue to do so...
Lucky: Dad, Sparky's out! Caught behind!
Pat: Oh, BISCUITS! Just gotta see this!- [tries to run inside but is pulled back] -oop!
Bandit: You're not going anywhere!
Bluey: Okay, baby, time to come out!
Scene: They're now in the final stretch! Bingo continues to giggle as she gets pulled out further.
Bandit: SING TO ME, PAT!
Pat: Oh, yeah, righto... 🎵 Hey, true blue;..
Bluey: Push, Dad!
Pat: Is it me and you?
Bingo: Tickle tickle.
Scene: Bandit laughs!
Pat: Is it Mum and Dad? Is it a cockatoo? Is it standing by your mate? 🎵
Scene: And Bingo's finally out!
Bandit: Hoo... BISCUITS!!!!!
He yells in pain - loudly, to the point a group of birds fly away! Bingo flies out of Bandit's papoose: 
Bingo: Born!
Bluey and Pat: Hooray!
Bandit: [drained] Hooray...
Scene: Some time later
Scene: We're treated to a beautiful panning shot of the afternoon above. Bingo is on Bandit's arms.
Bingo: Meep, meep, meep.
Bluey: Now you have to give her a name!
Bandit: Oh, yeah! Let's get a look at you...
Scene: Bingo is on Bandit's arms, cooing ever-so-cutely. Bandit smiles warmly at the young Red Heeler.
Bandit: I'm going to call you Chilli.
Scene: Bluey is watching this with a smile on her face. Pat helps himself to some of the dim-sims.
Pat: Oh, you Heelers don't muck around!
Bandit: Well, if you're gonna do somethin'...
Bluey: ...do it properly.
Chilli: [off-screen] Well done, honey!
Scene: Chilli is on the balcony.
Chilli: She's beautiful!
Bandit: Oh, it was a doddle! Don't know what all the fuss is about.
Bluey: My turn!
Scene: She gets inside the pool!
Bandit: Eep.
Scene: Cue end credits - Bluey dances to a piece of music shown earlier in the episode.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: Intro.
Scene: [It shows Bingo in the living room watching Cat Squad]
Cat Squad Member [the purple one]: What have you learned today, Catty?
Catty [the red one]: How I behave, doesn't just affect me, it affects everyone!
Scene: [Dad walks into the living room, blocking the TV]
Bandit: Now, what did i come in here to do?
Bingo: Ah! Dad! You're in the way!
Scene: [The TV continues indistinctly]
Scene: [Bingo tries to see the TV, but fails]
Bandit: In the way of what?
Bingo [angrily]: The TV!
Bandit: Really? I don't see a TV.
Bingo: Behind you!
Scene: [Bandit turns to see the TV]
Bandit: Ah, there you go.
Bandit: Look at that, cats riding motorbikes.
Bingo: Ah! I cant see!
Bandit: How did they get a driver's license?
Bingo [furious]: MOVE!
Bandit: Did you want me to move?
Bingo: YES!
Bandit: Ah, you should've said.
Scene: [Bandit starts dancing]
Bandit: Moving, Moving, Moving!
Bingo: No, move out of the way!
Bandit: Oh, right, sorry!
Scene: [Bandit steps away from the TV]
Bandit: is this better?
Bingo: Yes! Thank you.
Bandit: No worries.
Bandit: Oh, I remember why I came in.
Scene: [The TV switches off]
Bandit: We're going to the park.
Bingo: AAHHH-
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Turtleboy
Scene: [It zooms in on the park, with swings, and a turtleboy.  Then Bingo runs to play while Bandit is behind her]
Bingo: Dad can we play Rollercoast- Ooh, its a turtleboy!
Bandit: Someone must have left him behind.
Bingo: In the middle of the rollercoaster?
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heelers' house in daytime.
Scene: In the entryway, Chilli sits in the armchair.  Bingo naps in her lap.  Bluey is perched on the arm of the chair, working on a square of magenta crochet.
Chilli: Doing well! Okay, now, let's change colour.
Scene: Chilli hands Bluey a ball of purple yarn.
Bluey: Changing color is tricky. I wish there was a rainbow-coloured yarn.
Chilli: Oh, tell me about it. I'm on a quest for rainbow yarn!
Bluey: What's a quest?
Scene: Chilli ties on the purple yarn for Bluey.
Chilli: A quest is like a journey a hero goes on.
Bluey: Oh. How does a quest start?
Chilli: Well usually the hero starts at home. They're nice and comfortable. But then adventure calls.
Scene: Bandit walks in, carrying a plastic container of curry in a plastic bag.
Bandit: Alright! Who's coming with me to Mackenzie's house?
Bluey: No thanks, Dad. Mum's teaching me how to crochet!
Bandit: Well, just you and me Bingo.
Scene: He tickles Bingo's ribs, waking her.
Bandit: Come on, let's go!
Bingo: I am not interesting in that!
Scene: She closes her eyes again.
Bluey: Why are you going to Mackenzie's house?
Bandit: Curry swap.
Scene: He pats the container of curry.
Bluey: What's curry swap?
Bandit: It's where you swap curry. I made a rogan josh and Mackenzie's Dad made a beef rendang. I swap a bit of mine for a bit of his, then we have two curries.
Bluey: Oh.
Bandit: (singsong) But I need Bingo to carry the peshwari naan!
Scene: Bandit tugs on Bingo's foot.  Bingo squeals and giggles, and tries to hang on to Chilli.
Bluey: Oh,  Mum! It's a quest!
Chilli: Yeah, a curry quest!
Scene: Bandit lets go of Bingo's foot suddenly.
Bingo: Aah!
Bingo: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Curry Quest.
Scene: On the front porch, Bingo holds onto the door frame with both hands while Bandit pulls on her legs.
Bandit: Eeeergh! Come on Bingo!
Bingo: Noooo!
Scene: The scene cuts to Chilli and Bluey in the entryway.  Bluey has completed a couple of lines of the purple yarn.
Bandit: (offscreen) Eeergh!
Chilli: Usually the hero finds a reason not to go on the quest.
Scene: It cuts back to the front porch.  Bingo is still holding on to the door frame.
Bingo: I want to stay with my mum!
Bandit: Eeeagh!
Scene: Bandit stops pulling and lets her down.  Bingo clutches the door frame.
Chilli: But something always changes their mind.
Bandit: Okay. Fine. Stay. But you know what Mackenzie's mum has? Face paints!
Scene: Bingo looks up.  The scene cuts to her running down the front steps onto the front path.
Bingo: FACE PAINTS!
Scene: Bandit leans out, holding a plastic bag of naan.
Bandit: Hey, Bingo! Peshwari naan!
Scene: She giggles and jogs back for the naan.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Chilli and Bluey.
Chilli: And so the quest begins.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bingo and Banjo, walking down the footpath, having just descended a steep hill.  Bandit is carrying the curry.  Bingo has the naan balanced on her head.  A willie wagtail perched on a fence post takes flight as they approach.
Bluey: And what happens on the quest?
Chilli: Well the hero's out in the wide world, now. All sorts of challenges pop up.
Bandit: Hey, I didn't say you could use both legs.
Bingo: What?
Bandit: You heard me. You only get to use one leg.
Scene: Bingo giggles and starts hopping one one leg.
Bingo: I can't hop the whole way.
Bandit: Toughen up kid. This is a curry swap.
Bingo: Heehee, okay.
Bandit: And who said you could walk forwards?
Bingo: What?!
Scene: The scene cuts to a bus stop, where Doreen is waiting for the bus.  The bus stop sign posted on it, warning of magpie swooping season.  Bandit enters.
Chilli: Sometimes the hero meets friends along the way.
Scene: Bingo enters, hopping backwards on one foot.
Bandit: G'day Doreen.
Doreen: Hi Bandit, Hi Bingo! Oh, something smells good.
Scene: Bingo holds up the naan.
Bingo: It's the peshmari naan.
Bandit: Doin' a curry swap.
Doreen: Lucky you!
Doreen: You lookin' forward to tomorrow Bandit?
Scene: Bandit makes a stop talking gesture by waving his hand across his throat.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey and Chilli.
Chilli: The friends often warns the hero of the danger ahead.
Bluey: Danger?!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bingo, still at the bus stop.
Doreen: You're not going through the park, are you?
Bandit: Yeah, why?
Doreen: Oh, there's a magpie protecting his nest. He swooped me earlier, look!
Scene: Doreen tilts her head and points at a hole in her hat.
Bingo: Ooh.
Doreen: The trick is, not to take your eyes off him. If he thinks you're looking at him he won't swoop.
Bingo: Okay.
Doreen: Ooh! My bus is here.
Scene: Doreen hops up as the bus arrives.  The bus has a prominent advertisement for the Chunky Chimp movie.
Chilli: There's always danger in a quest. Otherwise it's not a quest.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close up of a swooping magpie sign.  It pulls back, to show Bandit and Bingo entering the park.
Bandit: Oh. There he is.
Scene: The camera changes to show the view over Bandit's shoulder.  A magpie stands on the edge of its nest in a tall tree, in the middle of an open field.  A ball lies at the foot of the tree, and Winton approaches to retrieve it.
Bingo: Why does he want to swoop us?
Scene: The magpie swoops very close to Winton's head.  Winton runs away screaming.
Bandit: He's just trying to be a good dad.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close-up of the magpie landing on his nest, and sitting on his eggs.  He looks around, alert for more danger.
Bandit: He thinks we're trying to hurt his eggs.
Bingo: But we're not.
Bandit: I know, but he doesn't know that. Just walk with me, and remember what Doreen said.
Scene: He holds out his hand, and Bingo takes it.
Bingo: Don't take your eyes off him.
Scene: They walk towards the tree, carefully maintaining eye contact with the magpie.
Bandit: Keep looking. Keep looking.
Scene: They pass the tree, turning their heads to keep the magpie in view.
Bingo: I can't turn my neck any further!
Bandit: Walk backwards.
Scene: Bandit walks backwards.
Bingo: But I can't walk backwards, remember?
Scene: Bingo takes a few steps backwards, and then falls on her bum.
Bingo: Oof!
Scene: Bandit stoops down to pick her up.
Bandit: Come on. Come on!
Scene: Both of them having broken eye contact, the magpie swoops at them.  They run away.  They make it to the edge of the park.
Bandit: Phew, that was close.
Bingo: Look Dad, we're here.
Scene: The camera pulls out to show they're at the edge of the Border-Collies' yard.  Mackenzie's Dad is watering the lawn.
Mackenzie's Dad: Curry swap! Whoo!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey and Chilli.
Chilli: After facing the grave danger...
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bingo at the Border-Collies' house.
Chilli: [voiceover] ...the hero arrives at where they were going.
Scene: Bandit and Mackenzie's Dad swap containers of curry.  They both hold the others' curry up and smell it appreciatively.
Bingo: Here you go, the naan peshmami!
Scene: She presents the naan to Mackenzie's dad.  He takes it.
Mackenzie's Dad: Cheers Bingo!
Scene: Mackenzie's Mum enters walks up, holding a brush and a container of face paint.
Mackenzie's Mum: Would you like your face painted Bingo?
Bingo: Yes, please!
Scene: A moment later, Bingo sits on a stool next to a table covered in face paint supplies.  Mackenzie's mum takes a seat and loads the brush with orange paint.
Mackenzie's Mum: I'm glad you're here Bingo. I'm on the face painting stall at the school fair so I need to practise. I'm not very good I'm afraid.
Scene: Mackenzie runs up in blotchy face paint.
Mackenzie: Hi, Bingo!
Bingo: Aah!
Scene: The scene cuts to Bluey and Chilli.
Bluey: Is that the end of the quest?
Chilli: Not yet. Usually, here, some secret is revealed and the quest takes a turn.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bingo and Mackenzie.
Mackenzie: Bingo! You get to go the airport tomorrow!
Bingo: Airport? I'm not going to the airport.
Mackenzie: Yeah, you are! Your dad just told my dad he has to fly to work and he's gonna be gone for ages!
Bingo: What?!
Mackenzie's Mum: Mackenzie!
Scene: On the Border-Collies' front porch, Bandit and Mackenzie's Dad are discussing curry.
Bandit: So you wait until the end to put the curry leaves in.
Scene: Bingo walks up behind Bandit and pats his side to get his attention.
Bingo: Dad, are you flying away to the airport tomorrow?
Scene: Mackenzie's Dad slowly backs into the front door, excusing himself from this awkward conversation.
Bandit: Oh... yeah. I am.
Bingo: How long are you gone for?
Scene: Bandit kneels down.
Bandit: Just six weeks.
Bingo: How long is six weeks?
Bandit: It's six... weekends?
Bingo: Aw, that's forever!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey and Chilli.  Bluey has completed another few rows.
Chilli: It's here that the true challenge of the quest is revealed.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bingo, sitting sadly on the curb. Bandit sits down next to her.
Bandit: We have to head back now Bingo.
Bingo: We can't. I don't want to go past the magpie. And I don't want you to leave.
Bandit: I'm sorry mate. I don't want to go away, but I have to.
Chilli: [voiceover] But just when things seem the saddest...
Mackenzie's Mum: Bingo! I've got the perfect face paint for you!
Scene: A little bit later, Bingo sits on the stool, still looking sad.  Mackenzie's Mum has painted Bingo's face orange, and is now painting some off-white around the eyes.  Bingo still looks sad.
Mackenzie's Mum: You want to know a secret Bingo?
Scene: Mackenzie's Mum changes to yellow paint.
Bingo: Yes.
Mackenzies Mum: I'm thinking of not doing the face painting stall this weekend.
Bingo: Why?
Mackenzie's Mum: Because I'm not very good at it am I? Mackenzie's meant to be a Cheetah!
Scene: The camera cuts to Mackenzie, playing with a toy dump truck.  He looks up.
Mackenzie: Am I?
Bingo: But then no-one will get to have their faces painted.
Mackenzie's Mum: No, I guess not.
Scene: Mackenzie's Mum changes to black paint, and starts drawing stripes on Bingo's face.
Bingo: Well, I think you have to do it.
Mackenzie's Mum: Even though I don't want to?
Bingo: Yes, even though that.
Mackenzie's Mum: Yeah, you're probably right.
Scene: Mackenzie's Mum holds up a hand mirror to show Bingo her face paint.  She has been made up like a tiger.
Mackenzie's Mum: What do you think?
Scene: Bingo smiles, then gets into character, snarling and forming her hands into claws.
Bingo: Graaaaar!
Mackenzie's Mum: I think I'm getting better!
Bandit: See ya Border-Collies! Enjoy the curry!
Mackenzie's Dad, Mackenzie's Mum, Mackenzie: See ya!
Mackenzie's Dad: Good luck with the magpie!
Scene: Bingo stops and thinks.
Chilli: [voiceover] Now every good hero learns a thing or two on their quest.
Scene: Bingo runs up to Mackenzie's Mum.
Bingo: Mackenzie's Mum, can you face paint one more thing?
Scene: The scene cuts to the magpie, sitting on his nest.  He spots Bandit and Bingo.  They stand, determined, at the edge of the park.
Bandit: Ready?
Scene: Bandit holds out his hand to Bingo.
Bingo: Rawrr!
Scene: She takes his hand.  As they walk towards the magpie, the music swells.  They pass the nest, and turn their heads to keep the magpie in view.
Chilli: [voiceover] Armed with everything they've learned along the way, the hero faces their ultimate test.
Scene: The magpie hops onto a branch and caws.  Bandit and Bingo turn away - revealing that Mackenzie's Mum has painted smiling faces on the back of their heads.  The magpie, who had just taken flight to swoop them, hurriedly flaps its wings and returns to the branch.
Chilli: [voiceover] The End.
Bandit: You're my hero, Bingo.
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Scene: The episode proceeds into a montage.  Later that night, Bingo and Bandit retell the story over dinner with dramatic hand gestures.
Scene: The episode cuts to the airport.  Bingo hugs Bandit goodbye.  As he leaves with his luggage, Bandit points at her and says something - she hurriedly stands on one foot.
Scene: The episode cutes to Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo eating dinner.
Scene: The episode cuts to Chilli and Bingo walking through the park.  Winton's ball is still at the base of the tree, deflated.  The magpie lands in its nest, carrying a worm, which it prepares to feed to its chicks.
Scene: At the school fair, Mackenzie's Mum paints a lizard on Buddy's face.  Indy, Honey, and Winton wait in line.  Buddy's Mum helps run the stand.  Indy's mum runs a neighboring stand selling plants, and is talking to Cornelius.  Pretzel eats an ice cream, and Captain and Mia are having a conversation.  Jack and Rusty run by in camouflage face paint.  In the background, Bentley approaches the pony lady (with Buttermilk and Biscuits) to ask for a pony ride.
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit, appearing on a video call on a tablet.  He waves to the camera, looking cheerful.  Behind him is the village of Wae Rebo on Flores island, Indonesia.  He has a brush tucked behind one ear, and is covered in dirt.
Bluey: [voiceover] Why do heroes want to go on quests, anyway? They seem dangerous.
Scene: The scene cuts to the reverse shot, showing Chilli sitting in the armchair, holding the tablet.  Bingo sits on one arm, and waves to Bandit.  Bluey sits on the other arm, and shows off her crochet project.
Scene: The scene cuts to the airport.  A jet lands.
Scene: The scene cuts to arrivals.  Bingo waits right at the barrier.
Chilli: [voiceover] Well they usually don't remember?
Scene: Bingo's tail begins to wag.  The camera pulls back, showing Bandit walk through the gate.  Chilli and Bingo are beside her.  Bluey wears her completed scarf.
Bluey: [voiceover] Oh yeah.
Scene: Bingo runs under the barrier and runs to Bandit.  They hug.
Chilli: [voiceover] But that's what makes them heroes.
Chilli: [voiceover] They go anyway.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music continues into the credits.  Chloe fades in - she has a sunflower painted on her face, with one of her spots forming the seed-head.  Chloe fades away, replaced with Winnie.  Her face has been painted with stripes of pink and white, making her look like a Neapolitan ice cream.  Winnie fades away, replaced with Buddy.  A lizard has been painted down his cheek, with its mouth overlapping his.  Buddy fades away, replaced with Pom-pom.  She has a Ulysses butterfly painted across her face, like a domino mask.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a distant view of the Heeler house, then cuts to Bandit and Chilli's bedroom, then a top-down view of the family on the bed. They are playing a guessing game.
Bluey: So it's a vegetable, we all like it, and it starts with 'B'?
Bingo: Yes.
Bluey: Broccoli?
Bingo: No.
Chilli: Beetroot?
Bingo: No.
Bandit: Beans?
Bingo: Uh-uh.
Scene: Beat, Bluey thinks for a while.
Bluey: Booger-beans?
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bandit and Chilli: Bluey!
Chilli: Booger-beans aren't a vegetable!
Scene: Bingo squeals and laughs.
Bandit: Aw, this is impossible!
Chilli: We give up. What is it, Bingo?
Bingo: Botato!
All, except Bingo: Aww, Bingo!
Bingo: What?
Bluey: Potato starts with a 'P'!
Bingo: Oh. Hehehe!
Chilli: (picks up Bingo and holds her upside down) Come here! Ooh, look at this cute little bottom! (mildly taps Bingo's bum)
Bingo: (laughing) I need the toilet!
Chilli: (lets go of Bingo) Oh, okay!
Bandit: Me first! (quickly gets up, grabs a pillow, and hits Bingo with it to stop her as he casually walks to the bathroom)
Bingo: Hey! (giggles)
Chilli: Are you busting, Bingo?
Bingo: Nah, not really. (crawls and lies next to Bluey)
Bluey: (to her mum) Can we play Three in the Bed and the Little One Said while Dad's in the dunny?
Bingo: (excitedly) Yeah!
Chilli: (concerningly) Bluey. Can you say, toilet instead of dunny, please?
Bingo: (to her mum) Why can't we say, dunny?
Bluey: Is it a rude word?
Chilli: No, it's not a rude word. I just prefer toilet.
Bingo: Would the Queen say, dunny?
Chilli: Uh, no. It is not the word the Queen would use.
Bingo: Then I'm not saying it either.
Bluey: Chloe's parents let her say it.
Chilli: Well, then that's fine for Chloe. She can say it.
Bluey: But, how come she can say it and we can't?
Chilli: Because different families have different rules. And in this family, we don't say, dunny.
Scene: Toilet flushes at a distance, Bandit returns from the toilet.
Bandit: Dunny's free.
Scene: Bingo and Bluey laugh and squeal.
Bingo and Bluey: (point at Bandit) Dad said it! Dad said it!
Bandit: Said what?
Chilli: I was just telling Bluey to say, toilet instead of dunny.
Bandit: What's wrong with dunny?
Bingo: It's not the word the Queen would use.
Bluey: And if we can't say it, then you can't say it, Big Daddy!
Bandit: Right, so, we can't say, dunny?
Bingo and Bluey: No.
Bandit: But booger-beans is fine?
Scene: The kids laugh and giggle.
Chilli: Bandit.
Bandit: Whatevs. The toilet is free.
Scene: The kids laugh some more.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called, Dunny!
Bingo: I'm just going to the toilet.
Scene: From behind her, Bandit cheekily pulls her leg as she is about to go, making her giggle.
Bandit: Oh, Bingo, have you not learned to walk yet?
Bingo: Yes, I (leg pulled again) h-a-a-ave! (giggles)
Bandit: (to the other family members) Did we not teach this kid to walk?
Chilli: (slightly amused) Let her go to the toilet!
Scene: Bandit lets go of Bingo and she runs off to the toilet.
Bandit: (pretending to be impressed) Ah! Our child is taking her first steps! I'm so proud!
Bluey: Mum, am I allowed to say, dun-eep?
Chilli: No, Bluey.
Bluey: But I'm not saying, dunn-y, I'm saying, dun-eep. I made it up.
Chilli: Then yes, you can say it.
Bluey: (triumphantly) Oos!
Chilli: But if you make up words, no-one will know what you're talking about.
Bluey: Dad will. Watch.
Scene: Bluey gets near her dad and prods him.
Bandit: Huh?
Bluey: (to her dad, gibberish)
Bandit: Wow! Are you serious?!
Bluey: (gibberish)
Bandit: I've never considered it at that angle before!
Bluey: (gibberish)
Bandit: (contemplating) This changes everything.
Bluey: (giggles) (to her mum) See?
Chilli: You're both crazy.
Bluey: Do we get in trouble if we say, dunny?
Chilli: Yeah, you'll get squish-squashed.
Bluey: What's squish-squashed?
Chilli: Well, say dunny and find out.
Bluey: Ooh! Dunny!
Scene: Chilli snaps her fingers.
Bandit: (rolls over his daughter, making her laugh) Squish-squash!
Chilli: Clear?
Bluey: Yes. But what if you say it?
Chilli: I'll never say it.
Scene: As they speak Bingo has finished using the bathroom and crawls under the blanket, just beside her mum.
Bingo: (moving her mum's lips, as if she says what Bingo says) Oh man, Bingo's taking ages in the Dunny!
Scene: Bandit giggles, he and Bluey point at Chilli
Bluey: Mum! Mum! You said, dunny!
Chilli: (surprised) It wasn't me!
Bingo: (as before) Maybe she fell in the dunny!
Bandit and Bluey: (giggle) She said it again!
Bandit: Yes! (giggles some more)
Scene: Chilli notices what's been going on and picks up her youngest daughter from under the blanket.
Chilli: (to Bingo, who is giggling) Come here, you little munchkin! (kisses her and places her between her and Bluey)
Bluey: I think if you say it, we should get chocolate.
Chilli: Okay. Deal!
Scene: Bingo squeals upon hearing it
Bluey: Bingo, we have to make Mum say it!
Bingo: Okay, but how?
Bluey: Ooh, I know. Let's play Pass It On! Move it, Big Daddy, you're swapping with me! (Bluey gets under the sheets and swaps with her dad.) Okay, ready?
All, but Bluey: Ready!
Bluey: (whispers to Bandit) I like pink biscuits for my morning tea especially if I'm riding my horse to the moon because I like the moon in the morning!
Bandit: (whispers to Bingo)
Bingo: (whispers to her mum)
Bluey: Ok, go Mum. What did I say?
Chilli: Um, good morning,  I like the moon's biscuits, cause they're better than the moon, and it's morning tea?
Bandit: No!
Scene: Bingo shakes her head and Bluey giggles
Bluey: No, that wasn't it, Mum!
Chilli: Well, what did you say?
Bluey: Uh, I like..., um... I forget!
Bandit: (tickles Bluey) Keep it simple!
Bingo: My turn!
Bluey: Alright, everyone swap; Mum, you stay there!
Chilli: Okay.
Scene: The kids go under the blanket and change position, again at the expense of their dad's comfort. The order is now Bingo, Bluey, Bandit, Chilli.
Bluey: Okay, Bingo. You know what to do!
Bingo: (whispers to Bluey) Oh man, I need the dunny.
Scene: The kids giggle.
Bluey: (whispers to her dad) Oh man, I need the dunny.
Bandit: (whispers to Chilli) Oh man, I need the dunny.
Bingo: (to her mum) What did I say?
Bluey: Yeah, what did she say? And you have to say it out loud!
Chilli: I ran to feed the bunny?
Bluey and Bingo: No!
Chilli: So sad, you feed my tummy?
Bluey and Bingo: No!
Bingo: That wasn't it!
Bluey: She said, Oh man, I need the dunny!
Bandit: (rolls on Bluey again) Squish-squash!
Scene: The kids laugh.
Chilli: Okay, okay, that's enough squish-squash!
Scene: Bandit rolls off. Bluey sighs in relief.
Bluey: Oh, I wish we could say, dunny.
Chilli: Oh yeah, why's that?
Bluey: I just like it. It rhymes with funny!
Chilli: Look. I just want us to use nice words. So everyone thinks we're a nice family.
Bluey: (considering) Oh.
Chilli: Is that an okay thing to want?
All but Chilli: Yeah, that's okay.
Chilli: Thank you.
Bingo: Let's play Four in the Bed!
Bandit and Chilli: Okay.
Bingo and Bluey: Hooray!
All but Bandit swap places again, this time the order is: Chilli, Bluey, Bandit, Bingo.
Bingo: Ready?
All but Bingo: Ready!
All: The were four in the bed, and the little one said,
Bingo: 'Roll over! Roll over!'
All: So they all rolled over and one fell out!
Scene: Chilli falls off, everyone but her laughs.
Bluey, Bandit and Bingo: The were three in the bed, and the little one said,
Bingo: 'Roll over! Roll over!'
Bluey, Bandit and Bingo: So they all rolled over and one fell out!
Scene: Bandit pushes Bluey off her bed and lands on her mum. The kids laugh.
Bandit and Bingo: The were two in the bed, and the little one said,
Bingo: 'Roll over! Roll over!'
Bandit: But the big one said, 'nah!'
Bingo: Hey! Roll over!
Scene: Camera goes to Chilli and Bluey beside the bed as Bingo and Bandit can be audibly heard on the background as the former tries to push the other off the bed and the latter rejecting.
Bluey: Mum, our family rules are to not say, dunny, right?
Chilli: That's right.
Bluey: 'Cause toilet's a better word.
Chilli: Well, I think so.
Bluey: And Chloe's family rules are that they can say, dunny.
Chilli: Yes.
Bluey: So does that mean our family rules are better than Chloe's family rules?
Chilli: Well, um... No. They're just different.
Bluey: But you said toilet is better.
Chilli: Um, yeah. I-I did.
Scene: Back to the bed, Bingo finally gets her dad off the bed.
Bingo: Get out!
Bandit: Oof! (lands on his daughter and wife)
Chilli: Bandit!
Scene: The kids squeal and laugh.
Bingo: There was one in the bed, and the little one said, 'Good night!' (giggles as she wraps herself tightly in the blanket
Bluey: And one more question. Is our family better than Chloe's family?
Chilli: No!
Bingo: (climbs over her dad) Mum, can I still say, dunny in my head?
Chilli: (exhausted) Oh, booger-beans. Alright, new family rule! We can all say, dunny.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray!
Chilli: Just not in front of the Queen.
All but Chilli: (chanting) Dunny! Dunny! Dunny!
Bluey: Thanks, Mum.
Chilli: That's okay. It's not like it's a naughty word.
Bluey: Chloe isn't allowed to say, naughty, she has to say, cheeky!
Chilli: Well, there you go.
Scene: The episode ends with a distant view of the house once again.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: (Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo are riding in the car while Bluey and Bingo are eating.)
Chilli: Make sure you eat your pumpkin seeds, Bluey. I want you to grow up big and strong.
Bluey: Aw! I don't want to grow up big and strong.
Chilli: Too bad.
Bluey: Shouldn't it be up to me?
Chilli: If it was up to you, would you eat them?
Bluey: No.
Chilli: Then no, it shouldn't be up to you.
Bluey: Aw!
Bingo: When we get to Grandad's, can he take us in his canoe?
Chilli: No, honey. Grandad's just had a heartworm, the doctor says he needs to rest.
Scene: (Chilli stops to see Mort trying to remove a stump.)
Bluey & Bingo: Grandad!
Chilli: Dad! What are you doing?!
Mort: Oh! Quick, run kids!
Scene: (Bluey and Bingo get out of the car and starting running with Mort.)
Chilli: You're meant to be resting!
Scene: (Chilli gets out of the car.)
Scene: (Title sequence)
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Grandad.
Scene: (Title sequence ends)
Bingo: Aren't you meant to be resting Grandad?
Mort: Ah, there's nothing wrong with me.
Chilli: You get in bed now!
Mort: You'll have to catch me first!
Bluey & Bingo: Yeah, you have to catch us first!
Scene: (Mort stops and turns on the sprinkler, spraying Chilli and slowing her down.)
Mort, Bluey & Bingo: (Laughs)
Mort: We got a head push, kids!
Scene: (Mort and the kids run into the forest.)
Chilli: (offscreen) Get back here!
Bluey: Oh no, she's following us.
Mort: : Quick, hide!
Scene: (Chilli runs into the forest.)
Chilli: Where are those cheeky dogs?
Scene: (Mort and the kids are hiding under some tree roots.)
Chilli: (Shouting) No one know this grog better than me!
Mort: Oh that's true. This is where she grew up.
Chilli: I will find you!
Bluey: Grandad, I've got a plan.
Scene: (Bluey whispers in Mort's ear.)
Mort: I didn't hear any of that.
Scene: (Bluey rolls her eyes and throws a rock to distract Chilli.)
Chilli: Oh, they're over here.
Scene: (Chilli runs away.)
Bluey: She's gone.
Mort: Nice work Bluey.
Bluey: Where should we go?
Bingo: To the canoes!
Mort: Oh good idea, Bingo. Come on, we'll follow the creek.
Scene: (Mort and the kids go down a steep slope.)
Bluey: Come on, Grandad.
Scene: (Bluey and Bingo easily go down while Mort struggles.)
Mort: Just guarding our way from a sneak attack. I'll show you a trick I learned in the jungle.
Scene: (Mort covers his face in mud from the creek.)
Mort: She can't find what she can't see.
Bluey & Bingo: (Laughs) Good idea, Grandad!
Scene: (Bluey and Bingo cover their faces in mud. They all continue running with Mort running slower and panting.)
Bluey: Are you sure you're okay, Grandad?
Mort: Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
Bingo: Is it much longer until the canoes? I'm hungry.
Bluey: Yeah, me too. Do you have any food?
Mort: Do I have food? Follow me.
Scene: (Mort and the kids leave as Chilli comes. She notices how there is dirt floating in the creek.)
Scene: (Mort is uncovering a hidden backpack.)
Bluey: Grandad, why did you bury a backpack?
Mort: In case you need some food!
Bluey & Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: (As runs, she notices some blue and red fur on a tree root. She continues running.)
Scene: (Mort is struggling to open a bag of nuts.)
Bluey: Do you want me to do it, Grandad?
Mort: Okay, my thumbs flare up a bit these days.
Bluey: Is that why Mum wants you to rest? So your thumbs get better?
Mort: Yeah, probably.
Bingo: Then why don't you?
Mort: Well, it should  be up to me. They're my thumbs.
Bluey: Yes, it should.
Scene: (Mort pulls out a bag of pumpkin seeds.)
Mort: Here, Bluey. Have some pumpkin seeds.
Bluey: No thanks.
Mort: You gotta eat your pumpkin seeds, kid. They'll make you big and strong.
Bluey: That's what Mum said.
Mort: Well your Mum's right.
Bluey: But, shouldn't it be up to me?
Scene: (Mort frowns)
Bingo: I'll eat my pumpkin seeds. I want to be big and strong so I can paddle the canoe.
Chilli: Ha! There you are!
Mort, Bluey & Bingo: Ah!
Mort: She's found us! Run kids!
Scene: (Mort puts the food in the bad and runs off with Bluey and Bingo.)
Chilli: You're not meant to be running around!
Mort: The canoe's down this way!
Scene: (They come to 2 separate paths and stop.)
Mort: Oh now hang on.
Bluey: Come on, Grandad, she's coming!
Mort: Oh I can't remember. We'll just go this way.
Scene: (They go down the path and to the fishing shack. Maynard is fishing while Mort looks out for Chilli.)
Maynard: Hey, what's going on?
Bluey: Hi, Maynard.
Maynard: Hey kids!
Mort: Maynard! You've got to hide us!
Maynard: Is it the aliens?
Mort: No, it's Chilli.
Bluey: Grandad doesn't want to do want Mum tells him to.
Maynard: Oh, why don't you just do what you're told?
Mort: Don't you start. Just hide us!
Maynard: Okay come on, quickly. Go in the back.
Scene: (Maynard opens the door to the fishing shack, letting Mort and the kids in.)
Bingo: Have you got Grandad's canoe, Maynard?
Chilli: (offscreen) Here I come!
Bluey: (offscreen) Bingo, come on!
Scene: (Chilli runs up to the fishing shack.)
Maynard: Oh, Chilli. Fancy seeing you here.
Chilli: Can it, Maynard. Where are they?
Maynard: Um, where's who?
Chilli: You know who!
Maynard: Um...did you get a haircut?
Mort: Come on, Maynard. Keep it together.
Scene: (Bluey and Bingo giggle.)
Chilli: He has to accept that he's getting older and needs to look after himself.
Maynard: Well if he was here, he'd just say shouldn't it be up to me?
Chilli: No it shouldn't! I'm his daughter! He should take care of himself for me because...I still need him.
Scene: (Mort hears this and thinks about what Chilli said.)
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in a grassy meadow.  Bandit is laying on his back on a picnic blanket.  Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo are approaching him.  They have all drawn faces on their right hands, with markers and googly eyes.  Bingo's hand is also decorated with a flower crown and feather wings.  They walk their fingers over the picnic blanket, using their hands as puppets.
Chilli: Once, there were two sisters:
Scene: The episode cuts to an extreme close up on their hands, giving us a puppets-eye view.  Chilli's puppet has a frown and worried expression.  Bluey's is smiling.  Bluey's puppet picks up a fork.
Chilli: [voiceover] Big Sister --
Chilli: (as Big Sister) Hi!
Chilli: [voiceover] And Little Sister.
Bluey: (as Little Sister) Hi!
Bingo: [voiceover] And also, a little fairy.
Chilli: [voiceover] Oh, yes!  And also, a little fairy.
Scene: Little Sister spins in a circle, flailing her fork.
Little Sister: Eeee!
Big Sister: Whoa! Be careful, Little Sister! You'll have someone's eye out
Scene: with that thing.
Scene: Little Sister drops the fork.
Little Sister: And the Big Sister was no fun at all.
Big Sister: Hey! I'm lots of fun!
Little Sister: Nuh-uh!
Chilli: [voiceover] Anyway, it was winter
Scene: and very cold.
Big Sister: Brrrr! We need to find somewhere warm to sleep, little sister!
Bingo: (as Little Fairy) I know a place that's got the softest, warmest beds in the whole world.
Little Sister: Where are they, Little Fairy?
Little Fairy: Beyond the Blue Mountains!
Scene: An extreme low-angle shot of Bandit's feet, knees, and stomach, framing them as a mountain range.
Little Sister: Yay! The Blue Mountains!
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called the Blue Mountains.
Scene: Back to the opening shot, showing whole characters.
Chilli: (as Big Sister) No way are we going to the Blue Mountains.
Scene: Cut back to the puppets-eye view.
Big Sister: It's too dangerous!
Little Sister: I told you she was no fun. Race you!
Bingo: (giggles)
Big Sister: Hey!
Scene: Little Sister and Little Fairy run off together.  They stop when they encounter Bandit's tail.
Little Sister: Whoa, look!
Scene: Big Sister hides behind a sandwich.
Big Sister: Stay back, Little Sister! We don't know what that is!
Little Sister: (giggles) Don't worry. It's friendly.
Scene: Little Sister briefly lifts up the tail and lets it drop.
Big Sister: Brrr! We'd best get going.
Scene: Cut to Bandit's foot. Little Sister and Little Fairy leap onto his foot and begin climbing his leg.
Little sister: Hooray!
Scene: Cut to Bandit's shin.  Little Sister is skipping backwards up the slope.
Big Sister: This is too steep.
Little sister: Oh, big sister, don't be a stick in the mud.
Scene: Cut to Bandit's knee.  The girls enjoy a panoramic view.
Big Sister: (gasps)
Little Sister: What a view!
Big Sister: How do we get down?
Little Fairy: We slide! Whee!
Little Sister: Whee!
Scene: They both slide down Bandit's thigh.  Big sister hesitates.
Big Sister: Okay. Here we goooo!
Scene: Big Sister also slides down. We cut back to Chilli.
Chilli: (laughs)
Scene: Chilli licks her finger and erases Big Sister's frown, then draws a smile on instead.  Back in puppet-vision, Big Sister is sliding down Bandit's thigh.
Big Sister: Whee!  Yeah! That was fun!
Scene: The three of them are bouncing on Bandit's belly.
Little Sister: It's so soft and squishy!
Big Sister: It *is* soft and squishy, isn't it, little sister? It's like we're bouncing on a massive pikelet.
Bandit: (growls)
Scene: As Bandit growls, the screen shakes and rumbling sound effects suggest an earthquake.
Little Sister: What's happening?
Scene: Bandit folds his arms, creating a massive wall across his chest.
All: Aaaah!
Little Sister: How are we gonna get past this big wall?
Big Sister: It's too high to climb!
Little Sister: We'll never find the softest, warmest beds in the whole world.
Little Fairy: My sweeties, there's a secret spot somewhere here. We just have to find it.
Big Sister: Oh, yes! And if we scratch it, it makes the wall come tumbling down.
Little Sister: Hee, okay!
Big Sister: You try over there.
Scene: Little Sister tickles Bandit.  He laughs lightly.  Big Sister tickles Bandit.  He laughs harder.  Little Fairy tickles Bandit.  He laughs even harder.
Little Sister: This is the spot!
Scene: Big Sister and Little Fairy come and tickle the same spot.
Little Fairy: Yeah, that's the spot!
Big Sister: You got it!
Scene: Bandit laughs and raises his arms.  All three begin running towards his chest.
All: Aaaah!
Big Sister: Run for your lives!
Scene: Bandit's arms slam back down behind them.
All: Hooray!
Scene: They dance and laugh.
Big Sister: Yeah!  Oh, I'm having so much fun, little sister.  Maybe I do just need to relax and enjoy myself more. I wonder why I ever stopped in the first place.
Bandit: (offscreen) Well, hello!
Scene: Bandit's hand puppet appears.  He's stuck a nose and tail on his hand, and drawn pointy ears on his wrist.  He's even given his puppet shoes and a monobrow.
Bandit: (as the fox) I am a kindly fox.
Big Sister: Oh, look at this cute little fella.
The Fox: You wouldn't be looking for the warmest, softest beds in the whole world, would you?
Big Sister: We are!
The Fox: Well, you're in luck. I can show you the way.
Big Sister: Oh, great! Did you hear that, kids?
Little Sister: Big sister, I think he's a cheeky fox.
Big Sister: A what?! No, he's a kindly fox. He said so. Ooh, look at his cute little tail.
Scene: The camera cuts to the fox doing leg stretches.  His right eye falls off, and he puts it back on.  When the camera cuts back, Little Sister is frowning.
Little Sister: I'm not so sure.
Big Sister: Oh, come on, little sister. Now who's being boring?
Little Sister: Hey!
Little Fairy: Little sister, we need to find the softest, warmest beds in the whole world, otherwise, we'll freeze.
Little Sister: Oh, all right.
Big Sister: Okay, kindly fox. We'd love you to show us the way.
The Fox: Oh, very good! Right this way.
Scene: Bandit hums as they walk across his chest.  Big Sister addresses the fox privately as they walk.
Big Sister: I'm usually a real worry wart, but this trek to the Blue Mountains has really shown me how to relax and have fun.
The Fox: Oh, splendid!
Little Sister: I've got my eye on you, Mr Fox.
The Fox: That sister of yours is hard work, isn't she?
Big Sister: She sure is.
Scene: They arrive at Bandit's open mouth.
Little Sister: It's a cave!
Big Sister: Oh, wow, it stinks!
The Fox: (muffled, as Bandit is trying not to move his mouth) I'm sure it's not that bad.
Big Sister: Oh, Kindly Fox, is there something wrong with your voice?
The Fox: (muffled) Uh, no, I just like to talk like this sometimes.
Big Sister: Very strange. Well, we best get going. Are you coming, too, Kindly Fox?
The Fox: (muffled) Uh, I actually have to go and buy some more... hand cream.
Big Sister: Okay. Thanks for your help.
The Fox: (muffled) Yep. In you go.
Scene: The Fox leaves.
Little Sister: I'm not sure this is a good idea.
Big Sister: Oh, quiet, Little Sister. Now who's a stick in the mud? Last one into the cave's a rotten egg!
Scene: Big sister runs towards the cave; Little Sister and Little Fairy chase her.
Big Sister: Ah! I'm winning! Yeah!
Scene: She reaches Bandit's mouth, which slams shut on her.  Saliva sprays everywhere.
Big Sister: (muffled) Aaah!
Little Fairy and Litte Sister: (gasp)
Little Fairy: Big Sister!
Big Sister: (muffled) Help, Little Sister!
Chilli: (out of character, laughing) He's licking me!
Big Sister: (muffled) Let me out!
Little Sister: It was a trick! What are you gonna do?!
The Fox: (laughs)
Little Sister: You!  You are a cheeky fox! That's it. No one traps my big sister. Hyah!
Scene: Little Sister picks up The Fox, and with Little Fairy's help, throws him.  He lands with his legs lodged in Bandit's nostrils.
Little Sister: Wait for it!  Wait for it!
Bandit: Bleahh!
Scene: Bandit, unable to breathe, spits out Big Sister, and sends The Fox flying into the sun.
All: Yeah!
Scene: The sisters and fairy land on the picnic blanket.  Big Sister is covered in spit. Her eye falls off, and she puts it back on.
Big Sister: Ew. I'm all slimy!
Little Sister: Big sister! Oh, I'm so glad you're safe!
Scene: They embrace, wetly.
Little Sister: I promise I'll never say you're boring ever again.
Big Sister: Oh, I was so busy trying to be fun, I forgot the most important thing big sisters are meant to do.
Little Sister: What's that?
Big Sister: Look after their little sisters.
Little Fairy: Look!
Scene: Little Fairy points to Bandit's ears.
Little Sister: The softest, warmest beds in the whole world!
Big Sister: Yeah!
Little Fairy: We found them!  Hooray!
Big Sister: Oh, it's so soft. And look, there's enough wax in here to make a hundred candles!
Scene: Bandit pokes Big Sister with the tip of his ear.
Big Sister: Ohh!
Scene: Bluey, Bingo, Chilli, and Bandit all laugh.
Scene: The puppets are shown sleeping under Bandit's ear.
Chilli: [voiceover] And they all slept happily ever after.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: An up-tempo arrangement of the episode theme plays during the credits.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Bluey and Bingo are seen setting up a game outside. Bandit walks over to four chairs and a firepit.]
Bluey: Ready!
Bandit: Okay. [He imitates button pressing on a phone.] Ring ring, ring ring.
Bluey: [She imitates picking up a phone.] Hello? Pizza shop, would you like to order a pizza?
Bandit: Yes please, I want one supreme with no mushrooms.
Bluey: Do you want garlic bread?
Bandit: Yeah, I want garlic bread!
Bluey: You got it! It'll be there soon.
Bandit: Do you need my address?
Bluey: No, I can see you. Bye! [She hangs up the phone.]
Bluey: One supreme pizza please, pizza girl. No mushrooms.
Bingo: Okay.
Bluey: I'll do the garlic bread,
Bingo: Can we pretend we're sisters, and our mum owns the pizza shop?
Bluey: Oh, yeah! And we're gonna run it for her so she can go on holiday.
Bingo: Yeah, to Italy.
Scene: [Bandit is seen setting up the firepit while Bluey and Bingo make the mud pizzas. Bingo puts the 'pizza' into an empty pizza box while singing.]
Bluey: Garlic breads finished.
Bingo: Great! Don't forget the free drink.
Scene: [Bingo fills an empty bottle with dirt inside with water.]
Bluey: Thanks pizza sister. See you soon.
Scene: [Bluey 'drives' her car, while giggling.]
Scene: [She arrives at Bandit's address.]
Bluey: Here you go.
Bandit: Oh, nice one. No mushrooms?
Bluey: No mushrooms.
Bandit: Great. [He tries to take the box away.]
Bluey: No, no, you can't have the box. It's our only one!
Bandit: Right. So, what do I do?
Bluey: Just take the pizza.
Bandit: Uh... okay. [He does so, but gets grossed out from holding the mud pizza.] Ugh...
Bluey: Thanks, bye!
Bandit: Aw, man.
Scene: [Bluey drives off.]
Bluey: I'm back, pizza sister!
Scene: [Chilli is taking a bowl of prawns outside. Bluey's wheel falls off.]
Bluey: Aw, not again!
Bingo: Oh, I can fix it.
Bluey: Mum, can we get a new car?
Chilli: Aw, but you've had Pedley since you were two.
Bluey: But the wheel keeps falling off.
Chilli: I know, but there's just a lot of stories in that car.
Bluey: How can a car have stories?
Chilli: Well...
Bingo: Fixed!
Chilli: Ah, there you go. See? Good as new!
Scene: [Muffin is heard screaming, a car driving is heard. Muffin drives an electric car by, which she crashes into Bluey's car.]
Muffin: Is my car scratched?
Scene: [The title card appears, a open pizza box with flowers.]
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called 'Pizza Girls'.
Bluey: What is this, Muffin?!
Muffin: It's an electric car. My dad brought a new car, and this came with it!
Bingo: It drives without pedals!
Scene: [Uncle Stripe and Aunt Trixie walk by. Stripe is holding a cooler and Trixie holding a bag of chips.]
Stripe: Yes, and it's very expensive Muffin, so be careful with it.
Bluey: Can we play Pizza Girls in it?
Muffin: Okay.
BOTH: Hooray!
Scene: [It cuts, showing a scene with the bowl of prawns.]
Bluey: Okay. Were all sisters who run the pizza shop.
Muffin: Got it.
Bluey: Hmm... there's no roof to stick the pizza sign on.
Muffin: It's a convertible.
Bluey: Okay, well, I guess we don't need to use it. [She puts the box between her arm, and 'calls' the parents, their customers.] Hello, customers.
Scene: [It cuts to Stripe talking to Bandit.]
Stripe: And you just do this with your foot, [He imitates a light kick.] and that opens the boot!
Bandit: Oh, cool.
Bluey: Customers!
Bingo: The phone's not working.
Muffin: I'll just ask them.
Scene: [She drives off to go ask them.]
Bluey: Wait, Muffin, no! Were meant to do it over the phone!
Scene: [Muffin drives back.]
Muffin: They want a supreme.
Bluey: Okay. One supreme. Thanks, pizza sisters.
Bingo: Our mum started this pizza shop, she worked really hard, so were trying to give her a holiday.
Bluey: Wow, were gonna deliver pizzas fast now.
Muffin: Ah! Stop!
Bluey: I'm just putting the pizza in?
Muffin: You can't bring mud in the new car.
Bluey: What? Why?
Muffin: Cause it's very expensive.
Bluey: Oh, okay. Well, what do we do?
Muffin: We have to play something else.
ALL: Aw...
Bluey: What else do you play in it?
Muffin: I usually just drive around.
Bluey: Okay, let's do that.
Scene: [Bingo tries to get in.]
Muffin: Watch your feet!
Bingo: Sorry.
Muffin: No mud in the car.
Bluey: Were ready Muffin, but just don't too-
Scene: [Muffin drives before Bluey can finish her sentence, which shocks the girls.]
Muffin: Woo, woo, woo!
ALL: Woo!
Scene: [The three drive past Socks who's still playing Pizza Girls.]
Socks: 🎵Doo, doo, doo doo doo🎵
Bingo: Woo!
Scene: [Bluey giggles.]
Scene: [They drive through a clothes rack, while screaming. Two pieces of underwear, one sock, and one shirt land on the car. The clothes fly off. They drive in the front yard, which shocks the adults. They drive around once again.]
Stripe: Hey, hey! Your getting fingerprints all over it!
Chilli: Do you like it, Trix?
Trixie: Uh, I miss the old one. We brought the kids home from hospital in it, you know.
Scene: [The three finally end back in the backyard.]
Bingo: That was fun!
Bluey: Can I have a turn?
Muffin: Okay.
Bluey: Alright, here we go!
Scene: [The car beeps.]
Bluey: What's going on?
Muffin: Oh, it's out of battery.
Bluey: Aw.
Muffin: We have to charge it. Dad!
Scene: [Uncle stripe plugs the charging cord into the charging port.]
Stripe: Okay, battery's charging, kids.
Bingo: How long does it take to charge?
Muffin: This long. [She stretches her arms out to indicate how long it takes.]
Bluey: Oh.
Bingo: What should we play while we wait?
Bluey: I guess we can go back to Pizza Girls.
Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: So that's one supreme pizza with extra pineapple.
Bandit: Yep. But no mushrooms, you hear me?
Bluey: Got it.
Bandit: If you put mushrooms on it, I'm gonna-
Bluey: Okay, bye! [She hangs up.]
Bingo: Let's put mushrooms on it!
Scene: [Bluey and Socks agree at the same time with Bingo.]
Muffin: Bluey, who can I be?
Bluey: Well, I need to fix my delivery car. You can be the mechanic.
Muffin: Okay.
Scene: [It shows the tap dripping water. Muffin is seen putting the wheel back on the car, which she starts punching the wheel into place. Bingo and Socks are finishing up the pizza.]
ALL: Ready.
Scene: [Bluey wheels over.]
Bandit: Ow.
Bluey: Here's your pizza!
Bandit: Aw, great. Here's your money.
Scene: [Bluey opens the box, for Bandit to grab the pizza.]
Bandit: Extra pineapple! Hey, hang on. What are these?
Bingo: Enjoy the mushrooms!
Bandit: What?!
Scene: [Bluey wheels away quickly as Bandit chases after her.]
Bandit: You little... [He throws the pizza.] Ah!
ALL: [giggle]
Muffin: Again!
Bluey: Okay, thanks, bye! Boop. Goodness me! The customers have ordered ten pizzas!
Bingo: Ten?!
Bluey: They said they're having a pizza party, and we should take our time.
Bingo: Okay, I'll get started.
Bluey: How's the car, mechanic?
Muffin: I put this one on which makes it go extra fast.
Bluey: Oh wow, you're a good mechanic.
Muffin: Thanks!
Bluey: Alright, I'll make the garlic breads.
Stripe: Hey girls, the batteries charged, you can ride the car again.
Scene: [He sets the car down on the ground.]
Bluey: Oh. Thanks.
Muffin: It's your turn to have a drive, Bluey.
Bluey: Uhm, yeah. It is.
Stripe: And you just keep the keys in your pocket! You don't even need to-
Bandit: Stripe, no more about your car, mate.
Scene: [Chilli and Trixie laugh as Stripe feels awkward.]
Bluey: Your pizzas are here!
Chilli: Oh, great.
Bluey: Well, one of them is. How's Italy?
Chilli: Uhh, good? Here you go.
Bluey: Enjoy! [She dumps the pizza into Chilli's hands.]
Chilli: Ugh... thanks.
Bluey: I'll be back in a jiffy!
Scene: [Bluey hums while getting in the car, the wheel falls off once again.]
Bluey: Oops.
Chilli: Oh dear. Maybe it is time for a new car, Bluey.
Bluey: No way! I've had Pedley since I was two. [She imitates calling.] Hello, Mechanic. I've broken down!
Muffin: Coming!
Scene: [Muffin drives over, now wearing a hat.]
Muffin: Hi. I'm here to fix your car.
Chilli: My goodness!  That was quick!
Scene: [Muffin fixes the wheel.]
Muffin: Fixed!
Bluey: There you go, good as new.
Scene: [The credits roll, with Stripe trying to open the boot. He tries multiple times, before it finally opens. He then puts the cooler in.]
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heelers' house in daytime.  In the living room, Bluey runs up to a stool, and places a hairbrush on it.
Bluey: You're gonna love this game, Chloe!
Scene: Bluey runs over to Chloe.  The two girls stand at once end of the couch, with the stool and hairbrush at the other end.  Bandit kneels on the couch, leaning over the back of it.
Chloe: How do you play it?
Bluey: Dad, can you explain it?
Scene: Bandit waves his arms limply and babbles.
Bandit: Blublublub blublublub!
Scene: He blinks one eye, then the other.
Scene: Bluey and Chloe laugh.
Bluey: Okay, I'll explain it. Dad's the octopus. That's why he talks like that.
Bandit: Blupblululu!
Bluey: And we're fish or something, and we have to steal his treasure...
Scene: Bluey points to the hairbrush.
Bluey: ...and get back to our fish home.
Scene: She points to the ground where they are standing.
Bluey: Uh, is that all the rules, Dad?
Scene: Octopus Bandit angrily waves his tentacles at the girls.
Bandit: Blooloolooloo!
Scene: Bluey and Chloe laugh.
Chloe: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Octopus.
Scene: The girls crouch down, ready to run.  Their tails wag rapidly.
Bluey: Come on, Chloe!
Chloe: Eee! How are we gonna get past?
Bluey: Don't worry, octopuses aren't very smart. Watch.
Scene: Bluey points behind Bandit.
Bluey: Look, a robin!
Scene: Bandit looks.
Bandit: Obloblob?
Bluey: Come on!
Scene: Bluey runs for the treasure.  Bandit spots her, and grabs her arm, stopping her just short.
Bluey: Aaah!
Bandit: Oblobloblob!
Scene: Bandit tugs on her arm, spinning her in a circle.  He flails wildly with his free hand.
Bluey: Chloe, help!
Chloe: What do I do?
Bluey: Do that knee thing you do!
Chloe: Okay!
Scene: Chloe grabs her right foot with her left hand, and jumps back and forth over her own leg.
Bandit: Oblobloblob?
Scene: Bandit stares, intrigued.  Chloe switches feet, and performs her trick even faster.
Bandit: Oblobloblob? Oblobloblob!
Scene: Chloe takes a bow.  Bandit applauds, letting Bluey go.
Bluey: I'm free!
Bandit: Olb?
Scene: Bluey takes the hairbrush, and Chloe runs to join her.
Bluey, Chloe: Hooray!
Scene: Bandit flails in panic.  The girls laugh.
Bandit: Oblobloblob! Oblobloblob! Oblobloblob!
Bluey: Now we have to get back!
Chloe: Let me try.
Chloe: Look!
Scene: She points behind Bandit.  He looks.
Bandit: Blobl?
Chloe: A cockatoo!
Scene: They run past, giggling, as Bandit looks around for the cockatoo.
Bluey, Chloe: Hooray!
Scene: Bandit flails his arms at them as they stand just out of reach.
Bandit: Oblobloblob!
Bluey: I told you they're not very smart!
Scene: She taunts Bandit by waggling her bum at him.  The doorbell rings.
Chloe: My Dad's here.
Scene: Chloe and Bluey hug.
Chloe: See ya, Bluey!
Scene: Chloe runs off.  Bluey waves good-bye.
Bluey: Bye, Chloe!
Scene: Bluey brushes her hair and hums.  Bandit flails his arms at her.
Bandit: Oblobloblob! Oblobloblob!
Scene: The scene cuts to the Dalmatians' car.  Chloe's dad, Frank, is driving.
Chloe: Dad, can you play Octopuses with me when we get home? It's so much fun!
Frank: Um, yes, okay. That sounds like a good way to learn about sea creatures.
Scene: In the Dalmatians' living room, Chloe sets up a stapler on a side table.  Frank leans over the back of the couch.
Chloe: There. Now, you have to be an octopus.
Frank: Ah, okay.
Scene: He clears his throat.  He waves.
Frank: Hi, I'm an octopus.
Chloe: Octopuses don't talk like that.
Frank: Well, octopi don't talk at all.
Chloe: Yeah, they do. They go 'bloolooloo'!
Frank: Blub blub?
Chloe: Yeah, like that. But more.
Frank: Blub blub blub blub?
Chloe: And you have to wave your arms about.
Scene: She demonstrates.
Frank: They're actually called tentacles.
Chloe: Okay. You have to wave your tentacles about.
Scene: Frank halfheartedly waves his arms.
Frank: Blub blub...
Frank: Look, this all feels a bit silly. I think I'm just going to be a quiet octopus.
Chloe: Okay... This is your treasure.
Frank: I don't think an octopus would have treasure. That's more of a pirate thing.
Chloe: But he has to, and I have to steal it.
Scene: Chloe runs to the other side of the couch and gets ready to start.
Chloe: Ready?
Frank: Uh, I guess.
Scene: Chloe points behind him.
Chloe: Look! A robin!
Frank: Why would a robin be under the sea?
Chloe: Daaad! You're not meant to be smart. You're an octopus.
Frank: Okay. Got it.
Scene: Chloe runs for it.  Frank easily grabs her with both hands.
Chloe: Arghh! Let me try again.
Scene: Frank lets her go, and she runs back to the start.  He easily catches her again.
Chloe: Arghh!
Frank: Got you again.
Chloe: Ugh, Dad, you're making it too hard.
Frank: Okay, okay. Go again. I'll make it easy.
Scene: They try again.  This time, Frank doesn't move.  Chloe runs past him easily.
Chloe: Dad, now it's too easy.
Scene: Frank shifts uncomfortably.
Frank: Ugh, my knees!
Chloe: Let's try swapping.
Scene: Chloe takes the octopus position on the couch. She waves her arms enthusiastically.
Chloe: Bloobloolooblooloobloo! Heehee!
Frank: Okay. Here we go.
Scene: Frank struts around the front of the couch, going behind Chloe.  He holds up the stapler.
Frank: Got it!
Chloe: No, Dad, you have to go along this bit.
Scene: She points to the back of the couch.
Frank: But, this is the safer route.
Chloe: Daaad!
Scene: He puts the stapler back and returns to the start.
Frank: Okay, okay. I'll go this way. And go!
Scene: Chloe waves her arms at him.  Frank walks in an arc, staying entirely out of her reach.
Chloe: Blooblooloobloo!
Scene: Frank takes the stapler, and walks back along the same path.
Chloe: Blooblooloobloo!
Frank: I win!
Scene: Chloe sighs, and slumps down on the couch.
Frank: What's up, Chloe? Is the game over?
Chloe: Yes. You're not playing it properly.
Frank: But this is how I play it.
Chloe: Hmph! Bluey's Dad is more fun than you.
Frank: Oh. I see.
Scene: Frank walks away sadly, as Chloe continues to sulk on the couch.  He sits down at his computer.  Chloe notices, and goes over to see what he's doing.
Chloe: Hi, Dad.
Frank: Hey, Chloe.
Chloe: What are you reading?
Frank: Oh, I'm reading facts about octopi.
Chloe: Oh. How come?
Frank: Well, I thought maybe it will help me play your octopus game better.
Chloe: Oh!
Frank: Turns out, octopi are actually quite smart.
Chloe: Really?
Frank: And you were right. They do collect treasure. See?
Scene: He points to a picture on the screen.  It shows an octopus hiding in a mussel shell.
Frank: They collect objects to make their houses strong.
Chloe: Ooh, wow!
Frank: So I'm sorry I said you were wrong.
Chloe: Well, I'm sorry I said Bluey's Dad is more fun than you.
Frank: That's okay. He probably is.
Chloe: But you're fun, too, really! It's just that, every time I do something, you say, 'No, but octopuses don't do that.'
Frank: Do I?
Chloe: Yes!
Frank: Well that's funny, 'cause I feel like every time I say something, you say, 'No, octopuses don't do that.'
Chloe: Oh. Well, how about this rule? No-one is allowed to say, 'No, but octopuses don't do that.'
Frank: Okay. What shall we say instead?
Chloe: How about we can say, 'Yes! This octopus does that.'
Frank: Yeah! But in octopus, that sounds a bit like this:
Scene: Frank leans back in his chair and flails his arms.
Frank: Blublublublublu!
Chloe: Yeah!
Scene: Chloe jumps up and they hug.  Frank chuckles.
Chloe: Is there any more things about octopuses?
Frank: Well, yeah, look.
Scene: He pulls up another page.  This one shows an octopus squirting ink on a tuna.
Frank: When an octopus is scared and wants to escape, it can shoot out a cloud of ink.
Chloe: Wow! Ooh, what's that?
Scene: Another image on the same page shows an electric eel.
Frank: An electric eel. It's an eel that can make its own electricity.
Chloe: Wow!
Frank: Animals don't like being hurt, so they do all sorts of things to avoid it.
Chloe: Oh. What else is there?
Scene: Frank scrolls down, to an image of a flying fish.
Frank: Well, see this? It's a flying fish.
Chloe: A fish that can fly?!
Frank: Yeah, just small distances, but still!
Chloe: That's clever.
Scene: Later on, Bluey knocks on the Dalmatians' front door.  Chloe opens it.
Chloe: Hey, Bluey!
Bluey: Hey, Chloe.
Chloe: Do you want to play Octopus with us?
Bluey: Ooh, okay!
Scene: The episode cuts to Frank on the couch, enthusiastically flailing his arms.
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloobloo!
Chloe: Okay, this time we're eels.
Frank: Got it. I'll be a South Moriba octopus.
Chloe: Oh, no!
Scene: She turns to Bluey to explain.
Chloe: That's a poisonous one! You have to freeze for four seconds if he touches you.
Bluey: Ooh, okay!
Chloe: Let's go!
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloobloo!
Scene: Chloe somersaults under Frank's tentacles, and makes it to the treasure.  Bluey runs, but Frank catches her by the arm.
Bluey: Arghh!
Chloe: Arghh! Bluey, he got you!
Scene: Frank lets go of Bluey and flails his arms at Chloe.
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!  Bloo! Blooobloo!
Bluey: One, two, three...
Chloe: Don't worry, I'm an electric eel. Zzzt!
Scene: She touches Frank with a fingertip.  He pretends to convulse, then clutches his injured tentacle.
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!
Scene: Bluey runs past him.
Bluey: Oh, wow!
Scene: Bluey seizes the stapler.
Chloe: Haha! Got your treasure!
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!
Bluey: How will we get back?
Chloe: Watch this. Look!
Scene: She points behind Frank.  He turns to look.
Frank: Bloobl?
Chloe: A flying fish!
Scene: Chloe squeals and runs past him.  Bluey follows, but Frank throws a towel over her head.
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!
Scene: Bluey staggers around, blinded.
Bluey: Arghh!
Chloe: He squirted ink on you!
Scene: Frank grabs Bluey as she staggers past.
Bluey: He did what?!
Chloe: Octopi can squirt ink out.
Bluey: I didn't know that!
Chloe: Don't worry, I'll save you!
Scene: She jumps up on the couch and pokes Frank in the ribs.
Chloe: Zzt! Zzt! Zzt!
Scene: Frank recoils.  Bluey takes off the towel and runs to safety with the stapler.
Bluey: I made it!
Scene: Frank grabs Chloe by the waist and dangles her upside-down off the back of the couch.
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!
Chloe: Argh! He's got me! Bluey! Help!
Bluey: What do I do?
Chloe: Turn into a flatback sea turtle!
Bluey: A what?!
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!
Chloe: Grab the cushion!
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey grabs a couch cushion, puts it on her back, and crawls to Chloe.
Bluey: Here comes the turtle!
Scene: Frank flails at Bluey, but only brushes against her shell.
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!
Chloe: Pull me, turtle, pull me!
Scene: Bluey tugs on Chloe's arm...
Bluey: Rrah.  Ee-yah!
Scene: ...freeing her from Frank's tentacles.
Bluey: Ha-ha! Let's go!
Frank: Bloobloolooblooloo!
Scene: They crawl to safety.
Bluey, Chloe: Yeah!
Chloe: We won!
Bluey: That was so fun!
Chloe: Yeah, it was, wasn't it?
Bluey: Can I be the octopus?
Chloe: Yeah.
Scene: Bluey climbs onto the back of the couch.
Bluey: Can the octopus be poisonous and electric?
Scene: Chloe and Frank make eye contact.
Chloe, Frank: Yeah, this octopus can.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: Bluey dances as a new arrangement of the episode theme plays.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts in the park, with Pom Pom's Mum and Bandit talking.
Pom Pom's Mum: (to Bandit) Oh I know, that's...
Scene: Camera cuts to Chilli playing washing with Bluey, Bingo and Pom Pom, using a gymnastics bar to hang the children from.
Chilli: Okay, just one last bit of washing to hang out!
Scene: Chilli picks up Bingo and places her on the bar.
Chilli: There! All my washing is hung out! Now, to relax..
Scene: With Chilli's back turned, Bluey and Bingo suddenly drop from the bar, cheering as they alert Chilli. A surprised Pom Pom is left hanging on the bar alone.
Chilli: Oh no! The wind's blowing my washing off the line! I have to get it back!
Scene: Chilli chases after the two. She manages to grab Bingo, much to her joy.
Pom Pom: Mrs. Heeler!
Scene: The shot cuts to a sad Pom Pom, feeling left out and unable to get off the bar due to it being a long way down. Chilli runs over.
Chilli: Oh, sorry, Pom Pom! It's a long way down for you, isn't it?
Pom Pom: Yes, Mrs. Heeler. Pomeranians are a small breed!
Scene: Chilli smiles and puts Pom Pom down on the ground.
Chilli: There you go. Now to get my washing back!
Pom Pom: Whee!
Scene: Pom Pom happily runs around as the game picks back up again, with Bluey and Bingo running from Chilli. She picks up Bluey this time.
Pom Pom: Mrs. Heeler!
Scene: The shot cuts to Pom Pom struggling to make a small climb up the ledge to join the game.
Pom Pom: I can't do it! Maybe it's best if I don't play washing.
Scene: Pom Pom runs off, much to the dismay of Bluey and Bingo.
Bluey, Bingo: Pom Pom!
Scene: The shot cuts to Bandit and Pom Pom's Mum talking.
Bandit: Well I'm still an enthusiast, I go along you know... have a go at it.
Scene: Pom Pom runs to her mum, whimpering as her mum comforts her. The shot goes back to Bluey, Bingo and Chilli.
Chilli: Oh, poor Pom Pom.
Scene: Bingo runs off to the seesaw.
Bluey: Well, she is a bit small for this game.
Chilli: There's nothing wrong with being small, honey.
Bingo: Hey, Bluey!
Scene: Bingo is now sitting on one side of the nearby seesaw.
Bingo: Come play seesaw!
Bluey: Yeah!
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Seesaw.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo are now playing on the seesaw.
Bluey, Bingo: Seesaw, marjorydaw...
Scene: The two continue to sing. The shot cuts to Pom Pom's Mum, Chilli, and Bandit talking while Bandit looks down to see Pom Pom pouting in her mum's arms.
Pom Pom's Mum: Oh, I hope they bring him back for Season 4.
Chilli: Yeah, they do! Haven't you seen the trailer?
Pom Pom's Mum: No. What trailer?
Scene: Bandit looks to the Heeler sisters, and gets an idea. He gets up and walks over to the seesaw.
Chilli: He's in Russia or something.
Pom Pom's Mum: Oh, brilliant.
Scene: Chilli and Pom Pom's Mum's discussion fades out. As he gets there he pushes Bingo off.
Bingo: Hey!
Scene: She giggles as Bandit takes her spot on the seesaw.
Bandit: This is mine.
Bluey: Hey! Get off!
Bingo: Yeah, get off! We were on that!
Bandit: Not anymore.
Scene: Bluey slides down to lightly kick Bandit.
Bluey: Come on Bingo, help me!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo attempt to push Bandit off, but to no avail.
Bandit: Oooh, a massage! Why, thank you! Yeah, a little lower. That's the spot!
Bingo: Grab his arms!
Scene: Bluey pulls Bandit's arm and tries to pull him, while Bingo continues to kick his back.
Bandit: Oh yeah! Thai style. Oh, that feels good!
Scene: Bingo and Bluey give up trying to force him off.
Bingo: Get off, you big blue meanie!
Bandit: Nah.
Bluey: I've got an idea. Come on, Bingo! We'll seesaw him off!
Bingo: Oh yeah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo attempt to force the seesaw down to get Bandit off, but to no succession.
Bingo: We're not heavy enough!
Bandit: Yeah. I'm pretty huge.
Scene: Just then, Chloe enters, kicking a pine cone as she laughs.
Bluey: Hey Chloe! Come up here and help us seesaw Dad off!
Chloe: Ooh, okay!
Scene: Chloe makes her way up the seesaw.
Bluey: Ohh, we're gonna more heavy you off now, big daddy!
Bandit: (teasingly) Oooh, I'm so scared!
Bluey: Okay, sit down Chloe!
Scene: Chloe sits down; no dice.
Bingo: We're still not heavy enough!
Bluey: He must weigh the same as a hippo!
Scene: Bandit lightly sits up, causing the seesaw to shift and the trio of pups to bounce upwards.
Bluey: That's it, I'm calling Mum!
Bandit: Oh yeah, run to your momma.
Bluey: Muuuuum!
Bingo: She'll sort you out, mate!
Scene: Chilli enters, carrying two sausages.
Chilli: Hello!
Bluey: Mum, dad's sitting on the seesaw and he won't get off!
Chilli: Oh, boo-hoo!
Scene: The trio gasp, taken aback by Chilli's unexpected response.
Bluey: What?!
Scene: Chilli hands the sausages to Bandit.
Chilli: Here you are, my darling!
Bandit: Oh, thank you my precious!
Bluey: What are you doing?!
Bingo: Don't feed him!
Bluey: You're making him even more heavy!
Bandit: Mmm, so filling!
Chilli: Have fun, children!
Scene: Chilli exits.
Bingo: This is outrageous!
Chloe: The grown-ups won't help us!
Bluey: Well, then we need more kids!
Scene: Bluey hops off of the seesaw to go around the park to find more kids to help with the seesaw. The shot cuts to Coco playing noughts and crosses on the playground.
Coco: Spin!
Scene: Bluey runs into frame.
Bluey: Coco, we need your help!
Coco: What is it, Bluey?
Bluey: We're trying to get my dad off the seesaw!
Coco: Oh.
Bluey: But we're not heavy enough!
Coco: Oh.
Bluey: And he keeps eating sausages!
Coco: Oh!
Bluey: Is your frizzy hair very heavy?
Coco: Uhhh...yeah?
Bluey: Good, come on!
Scene: The shot cuts back to the seesaw.
Bluey: I brought Coco!
Bingo: Hooray!
Scene: As Coco and Bluey sit down, the combined weight of the four manage to cause the seesaw to begin tipping onto their side, lifting Bandit up.
Bandit: Oop!
Bluey: It's working! Coco's frizzy hair is working!
Bluey, Bingo, Chloe and Coco: Hooray!
Scene: Bandit reaffirms his position back on the seesaw, causing their efforts to be for nothing.
Bingo: Ah, it stopped! We're still not heavy enough.
Coco: I'm sorry!
Bluey: It's not your fault, Coco! It's HIS!
Scene: Bluey points at Bandit. As she does so Bandit blows raspberries at her.
Bluey: Ohh! We need another kid!
Scene: The shot cuts to Snickers playing on a spring rider.
Snickers: Giddyup!
Scene: Bluey runs into frame.
Bluey: Snickers, we need you!
Snickers: But I'm playing on the- Aah!
Bluey: Come on!
Scene: Bluey picks Snickers up, running back to the seesaw.
Bluey: Oh-ho-ho, we're gonna fix you up, mate! We've got a sausage dog!
Bingo: Bluey, look what he's got!
Scene: Bingo points down to Bandit. He has a rock that is helping weigh him down.
Bandit: Oh, Rodney my darling! You're so smooth!
Bingo: It's a pet rock!
Bluey: What!?
Coco: He just picked it up from over there!
Bluey: Well, don't worry. Snickers is heavier than a pet rock! ...Aren't you?
Snickers: I think so.
Bingo: Come on, Snickers!
Snickers: Okay!
Scene: Now with a team of five, the seesaw begins to lift back up again, their combined weights proving to be outweighing Bandit. As he begins to panic he looks for another nearby rock.
Bluey: We're gonna do it!
Bandit: Oh Rodney look, you can have your own pet rock!
Scene: Once again, the seesaw tips Bandit's way.
Bluey, Chloe and Coco: What!?
Chloe: His pet rock has a pet rock!
Bingo: This is outRAGEOUS!
Bluey: Get off our seesaw!
Bluey, Bingo, Chloe, Coco and Snickers: Yeah!
Bandit: Why would I get off MY seesaw?
Scene: He lays down on the seesaw.
Bluey: What are we gonna do!?
Bingo: We've run out of kids!
Scene: The shot shows the empty playground, and then back to the seesaw, showing the discouraged and defeated team. As all hope seems lost, Bluey smiles and has one final idea.
Bluey: Oh no, we haven't!
Scene: The shot cuts to Pom Pom's Mum and Chilli talking. Pom Pom has been sitting on her mum's lap the entire time.
Pom Pom's Mum: And how is your dad going?
Bluey, Bingo, Chloe, Coco and Snickers: POM POM! Over here!
Chilli: Some good, some bad. He's just had heartworm, so we're gonna see him next week.
Scene: They catch the attention of Pom Pom, who perks up to look at the seesaw. Pom Pom smiles and runs to the seesaw, giving her mum and Chilli a smile.
Pom Pom: Okay, I'm coming!
The Pups: We need you!
Scene: Pom Pom runs to the seesaw.
Pom Pom: I'm here!
Bluey: Pom Pom, get up here, quick!
Pom Pom: Okay!
Scene: Pom Pom looks up. It's a long way up for the small Pomeranian.
Pom Pom: Goodness me!
Scene: Pom Pom struggles to get up to the seesaw, managing to pull herself up.
Pom Pom: I'm up!
Bluey: Yeah! That's it, that's it!
Pom Pom: Here I come!
Coco: It's working!
Bluey: That's it, Pom Pom! Keep going!
Scene: At long last it seems their final effort will prove to be their victory. Just then, they catch Bandit's attention once more.
Bandit: Huh? Hey, what's going on?
Scene: Bandit reaffirms his position sitting on the seesaw. As he does he causes Pom Pom to lose her footing, causing her to slowly slide down the seesaw.
Pom Pom: Eeeeee!-
The Pups: Pom Pom!
Bandit: Come here, you!
Scene: Pom Pom manages to catch herself before she falls close enough to Bandit's grip.
The Pups: POM POM!
Pom Pom: Ooh, that was close!
Bluey: Come on Pom Pom, climb back up!
Pom Pom: Okay!
Scene: The Pups cheer for Pom Pom as she begins crawling her way back up, causing the seesaw to tip in their favor.
The Pups: Keep going! / You're almost there! / That's it!
Pom Pom: Pomeranians are a small, but hardy breed!
Bingo: Come on, come on!
Coco: It's working!
Bandit: Whoa- Hey- Stop it!
Bluey: Keep going!
Bingo: You can do it, Pom Pom!
Scene: Pom Pom's tail wags as she jumps into Bluey's paws. At long last, victory is theirs, as the seesaw has finally weighted in the kids' favor.
Bandit: WHOA!
The Pups: Hooray!
Pom Pom: I DID IT!
Bandit: Help! I don't like it up here!
Bingo: Take that, you big meanie!
The Pups: Yay!
Bingo: This is our seesaw!
Bandit: I demand you let me down this instant!
Bingo: Oh, okay! We'll get off...
Bluey: Ready?
Chloe, Coco, Snickers and Pom Pom: Ready!
Bandit: Wait, hang on--
Bluey: Now!
Scene: The Pups get off of the seesaw. As they do so Bandit is sent to the ground at a high speed, causing him to roll off.
Bingo: Get him!
Scene: The Pups all playfully fight him, with the pups scratching his fur. He gets up, with Pom Pom clinging to his legs and the pups chasing after him.
Bandit: No, no!
Scene: The shot transitions to later in the day, towards the evening. Bluey, Judo and Pom Pom are now playing Flies and Spiders. The three run around the climbing net with Bingo in the center. Bluey manages to get stuck, catching Bingo's attention.
Bingo [as Mrs. Spider]: Here comes Mrs. Spider!
Bluey [as a Fly]: Oh no!
Scene: Bluey buzzes, panicking and thrashes around, before Bingo comes over to catch her. Right before however, Bluey manages to break herself free from the net.
Bluey: I'm free!
Bingo: Oh, you cheeky fly!
Scene: Pom Pom runs up to Bingo.
Pom Pom: Can I have a go at being the spider, Bingo?
Bingo: Sure, Pom Pom!
Judo: You're too small to be the spider!
Pom Pom: No I'm not!
Bluey: Yeah, no she's not!
Scene: Bluey helps Pom Pom up onto the net.
Bluey: Pomeranians are a small, but hardy breed.
Scene: Pom Pom and Bluey laugh.
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: The credits music is an exuberant and upbeat rendition of the episode's main soundtrack.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heeler house.  Cut to a shot from under Bluey's pillow.  She lifts the pillow.
Bluey: She came!
Scene: Cut to the kitchen.  Bandit is reading the paper and eating cereal; Chilli is making tea.  Bluey runs in, waving a $5 bill.
Bluey: The Tooth Fairy came!
Scene: Bluey begins to floss.  Chilli attempts to join in but doesn't quite have the hang of it.
Chilli: Hey, nice one Bluey!
Bandit: Way to go, kid.
Scene: Bluey stops dancing and waves the bill around.
Bluey: She left me five bucks!
Scene: Bandit spits out his cereal.
Bandit: Five bucks?!
Bluey: Yeah, I know.  Five bucks!
Bandit: (to Chilli) Five bucks?
Chilli: (to Bandit) That's what she left all Bluey's friends.
Bandit: Well, that Tooth Fairy's doing well for herself, isn't she?
Chilli: Hey, maybe you can spend it at the markets today.
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey starts flossing again.
Bingo [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Markets.
Scene: Cut to Bandit, Bingo, and Bluey walking through an open field.  Bandit is swinging Bingo around as they walk.  Bluey is staring at her $5 bill.
Bingo: (laughs)
Scene: Bandit rubs Bluey's head.
Bandit: This little piggy went to market...
Scene: Bandit rubs Bingo's head.
Bandit: and this little piggy stayed home.
Bingo: Hey, no I didn't! I'm coming too!
Bluey: Check this out, Bingo!  The Tooth Fairy put a special sticker on  here.
Bingo: Wow.
Bandit: What are you gonna spend it on, that's the question.
Bluey: Hmmm, that is a question.
Bingo: Hmm, question.
Scene: Cut to the markets.  We see a number of stands selling food and crafts, with customers walking around.  Cut to Indy's Mum's stall.  It's decorated with Tibetan prayer flags.  She's arranging baked goods, with a no wheat sign suggesting they are gluten free.  Indy reaches up and dings a windchime.  Bingo, Bluey, and Bandit approach.
Indy: Bluey!
Bluey: Indy!
Scene: Indy runs out to meet Bluey. They hug and laugh.
Bluey: Look, Indy.  The Tooth Fairy gave me five bucks!
Indy: Wow! What are you gonna spend it on?
Bluey: I don't know.  Can you come and help me?
Indy: Yeah!  Mum, can I go and help Bluey?
Indy's Mum: Sure thing, Indy.
Bandit: I'll keep an eye on 'em.
Indy: Follow me!
Scene: Indy and Bluey run off.  Bandit and Bingo follow at a walk.  Cut to a stand selling bubble wands.  The owner blows some large bubbles with a large bubble wand.  Bluey runs in, with Indy riding piggyback.
Indy: Giant bubbles!
Bluey: Wooow!
Scene: The two run around popping bubbles for a moment.
Indy: Do you want to get one?
Bluey: Yeah, I do.  Wait!
Scene: Cut to another booth.  This one has two ponies - one with rainbow dyed hair and legwarmers, the other with teal hair and star anklets.
Indy: Pony ride!
Bluey: Excuse me.  (pointing at teal pony) What's that pony's name?
Pony Lady: Her name's Biscuits.
Bluey and Indy: Awww!
Bluey: (pointing at rainbow pony) And what's that one's name?
Pony Lady: Buttermilk.
Bluey and Indy: Awww!
Indy: (whispering) I really, really want to ride Buttermilk.
Bluey: Definitely Buttermilk.
Scene: Bluey offers her money to the Pony Lady, who puts it in her pouch.
Bluey: Can we ride Buttermilk, please?
Pony Lady: Okay honey. Up you get.
Scene: Pony Lady picks Bluey up and sets her on Buttermilk's saddle.
Bluey: Okay, Indy, you can sit in front.
Pony Lady: Oh, I'm sorry, honey, you don't have enough money for two riders.
Bluey: Oh.  I only want to go if Indy can come.
Indy: It's okay, Bluey.  I'll wait here.
Bluey: Hmm. I think I've changed my mind.
Scene: The Pony Lady lifts Bluey back down and gives her money back.
Pony Lady: Well, aren't you a good friend?
Bluey: Yes, Pony Lady.
Scene: Bluey walks up to Buttermilk and pets her nose.
Bluey: Goodbye, Buttermilk.  You're so beautiful.
Scene: --The next segment was cut from Disney-distributed versions--
Scene: Buttermilk lifts her tail and poops.  A lot.  Bluey and Indy run away screaming.  Cut to another street at the market, Bluey and Indy enter, still screaming.  They stop to laugh and catch their breath.
Indy: (enthusiastically) That was disgusting!
Bluey: Yeah!
Scene: Bandit and Bingo (chanting offscreen) German sausage!  German sausage!
Scene: --End of cut segment--
Scene: Bluey and Indy join Bandit and Bingo, who are in line at the German Sausage stand.
Bandit, Bingo, Bluey, and Indy: (chanting) German Sausage! German Sausage!
Scene: Bluey and Indy run over to the condiments table.
Bluey: Okay, I want a German sausage, and the squirty sauce, but only on one end, so you can have the other end.
Indy: But I'm not allowed that.
Bluey: Why not?
Indy: Mum says it's got added ingredients...?
Bluey: Can you have barbecue sauce?
Indy: I'm not allowed that one either.
Bluey: Mustard?
Indy: I'm definitely not allowed mustard.
Bluey: Well, what are we gonna get then?
Poffertje Dog: (offscreen) Poffertjes! Poffertjes!
Bluey: Indy!
Scene: Cut to the poffertje stand.  The owner is holding a plate of poffertjes and as the girls run up, he offers it to them.
Poffertje Dog: Poffertjes?
Scene: Indy and Bluey smell the poffertjes.
Indy: Have these got any wheat, sugar, gluten, or dairy in them?
Poffertje Dog: That's all they've got in them.
Bluey and Indy: Ohhh.
Bluey: My friend can't eat them.
Scene: Bluey and Indy walk away sadly.
Poffertje Dog: Bye, girls. Poffertjes!
Bluey: I just don't know what to get.
Scene: Cornelius enters with a single toffee apple on a tray.
Cornelius: Anyone want the last toffee apple?  I've got one toffee apple left.
Scene: Bluey looks anxiously at the toffee apple.
Bluey: Oh, oh.  I will!
Cornelius: Lovely jubbly.
Scene: Bluey pays him, and takes the apple.  As Cornelius walks off, Indy points at the apple.
Indy: I'm pretty sure that has sugar in it.
Scene: Cut to an outdoor seating area.   He's got his guitar case open in front of him for tips.  There are several tables where people are eating food, including Bandit and Bingo.  Busker is on a little stage on the left side, playing an acoustic guitar. Bingo is messily eating her German sausage.  Bandit is going to take a bite of his, but stops as Bluey and Indy approach.
Bandit: Ah, toffee apple.  Old school.
Bluey: I'm not sure I like this toffee apple.  Plus, Indy can't have any.
Bandit: Oh, that's no good.
Scene: Cut to Busker's stage.  A clearly nervous Buddy approaches the case and gingerly puts five bucks in.
Busker: (shouting) Ah, thanks buddy!
Scene: Buddy runs away screaming.
Buddy: Aaaaaaah!
Busker: That deserves a song.
Scene: Cut back to Bluey contemplating her toffee apple.
Bluey: Dad, I'm not sure I made the right choice.  I think I want to put my five bucks in that case and get a song.
Bandit: Oh, right.
Bluey: Can I get my five bucks back?
Bandit: That's not really how it works, kiddo.  Once you've spent money, it's... well, gone.
Bluey: Oh. Okay.
Indy: Don't worry, Bluey.  My mum always says to me, What goes around, comes around.
Bluey: (on the verge of crying) What does that mean?
Indy: I dunno.
Scene: Cut to the toffee apple stand.  Cornelius takes out five bucks and hands it to Winton.
Cornelius: Sweetheart, can you go get your dad a German sausage please?
Winton: Okay, dad.
Scene: In a close up, we can see the sticker indicating this is Bluey's Tooth Fairy money.  Cut back to Busker, beginning a new song.
Busker: Here we go!
Scene: Cut to Indy's Mom's stand.  She begins to dance.
Indy's Mum: Now that's a tune.
Scene: At Gruber's Dad's German sausage stand, Winton spends the Tooth Fairy money on a sausage.
Winton: One sausage, please!
Gruber's Dad: Thanks.  There you go.
Winton: Thanks!
Scene: Gruber's Dad gives Gruber the Tooth Fairy money.
Gruber's Dad: Gruber, go get me a carrot juice.
Gruber: Sure thing, Dad.
Scene: At Juniper's Mum's juice stand, Gruber spends the Tooth Fairy money on carrot juice.
Gruber: Carrot juice, please.
Juniper's Mum: Oh, we're out of carrots.  Will you get me a bag of carrots please, Juniper?
Scene: Juniper's Mum gives Juniper the Tooth Fairy money.
Juniper: Yes, mum.
Scene: At a produce stand, Juniper buys a bag of carrots with the Tooth Fairy money.
Juniper: I'd like these carrots, please.
Scene: Daisy buys a bag of mushrooms, and receives the Tooth Fairy money as change.
Daisy: Just these, please.
Scene: Daisy walks by Indy's Mum's stand.  Indy's Mum is dancing enthusiastically.  Daisy buys a slice of cake with the Tooth Fairy money.
Daisy: I'll have that one, thank you!
Indy's Mum: Indy?
Scene: Indy and Bluey run over.
Indy: Yes, mum?
Indy's Mum: Be a sweetie.  Go and pop this in the guitar case for me.
Indy: Okay.  Look, Bluey!
Bluey: (gasps)
Scene: We get a close up of Bluey looking at the sticker.  At Busker's stage, Bluey puts the money in the guitar case.
Busker: Whoa!  Five bucks?  Thanks matey!  That deserves another song!  Who likes to dance?  Two, three, four!
Scene: Busker starts another song.  Bluey and Indy begin flossing. Bingo, Bandit, and Buddy join in.  Cut to Bandit, Bingo, and Bluey walking home through the meadow.  Bingo is riding piggyback on Bandit.  Bluey is carrying her toffee apple.
Bandit: ...and this little piggy went, Wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee all the way home!
Scene: Bluey takes a bit of her apple.  She loses a tooth, which sticks in the apple.
Bluey: Dad! I've lost another tooth!
Bandit: Ah, great.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: Busker's song continues into the end credits.  Bluey is replaced with Indy's Mum dancing.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heelers' house in the morning.  It cuts to the kitchen, where Bandit is preparing breakfast.  Bingo reads a book, wearing a pair of headphones.  Bluey sings shrilly.
Bluey: ♫ Oh! Where is my toast?! ♫
Scene: Bandit winces.
Bandit: Bluey! Can you be as quiet as Bingo for a bit?
Bluey: ♫ No! I can't! ♫
Scene: Chilli walks in, holding a receipt.
Chilli: Bluey, I can't find your library books, and they're due back.
Scene: Chilli looks through a tote bag of books and a stack of books on the counter.
Chilli: Have you seen Shmurdle, The Dirty Turtle?
Bluey: ♫ No! I have not seen Shmurdle, The Dirty Turtle! ♫
Chilli: You have to keep better track of your things.
Scene: She tidies the stack of books on the counter, then starts going through a backpack.
Bluey: ♫ What about Bingo?! ♫
Chilli: Bingo put hers in a neat pile when she's read them.
Scene: Bingo puts her book on top of the pile, then takes off her headphones and lays them on top.
Bingo: Finished.
Bandit: Bing! Orders up!
Scene: Bandit serves the breakfast he's been preparing - cheese and jam on toast, cut into triangles.
Bluey: Ooh! Cheese and jam!
Scene: Bluey takes a couple of big bites and chews happily.
Bluey: Mnam mnam.
Bingo: Dad, I don't like cheese and jam.
Bandit: What? I thought you did.
Bingo: No, Bluey does. I like banana and peanut butter.
Bluey: Bleugh.
Scene: Bluey jams the rest of her toast triangle in her mouth.  Bandit puts Bingo's toast on Bluey's plate, and starts another piece of toast for Bingo.
Bandit: How can you two come from the same parents, be raised in the same house, but be completely different?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo look at each other for a moment.
Bluey, Bingo: Don't know.
Scene: Bandit starts peeling a banana.
Bandit: Well, I'll tell you this for free: my life would be a lot easier if you were both the same.
Scene: The camera pulls back, showing that Chilli is now going through some books scattered under the dining table.
Chilli: Tell me about it.
Bluey: Bingo! I've got an idea!
Bingo: Okay!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off, giggling.
Bandit: Wait, what? Hang on.
Scene: Bandit sighs deeply.
Chilli: Why do you keep setting them up?
Scene: In the play room, Bluey digs through a basket of dress-up props.
Bingo: What are you looking for?
Scene: Bluey pulls out a palette of hair chalk. She gasps.
Bluey: Hair chalk!
Bingo: Ooh!
Bluey: Give me your arm.
Scene: Bingo holds out her arm.  Bluey swipes a hair chalk down it, leaving a stripe of blue.  They both giggle.
Bluey: This is gonna be great!
Scene: Back in the kitchen, Bandit has just finished the peanut butter banana toast.
Bandit: Alright, done.
Scene: Off camera, running footsteps and then a squeaking chair can be heard.  Bandit turns to serve Bingo.
Here you go, Bingo: peanut butter and banan—Agh!
Scene: Bandit pulls back.  The camera shows what what he sees - two Blueys.  Bingo has been coloured with a close copy of Bluey's marking.  Bluey and Bingo giggle.  Bingo looks at the peanut butter banana toast.
Bingo: Bleugh.
Bluey: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called:Mini Bluey.
Scene: In the kitchen, Chilli coos over Bingo.
Chilli: Aww! So cute!
Bluey: Let me introduce you to us. I'm Bluey, and this is Mini Bluey.
Bingo: Hi.
Bluey: She's just like me. Watch.
Scene: Bluey hands her a slice of jam and cheese toast.  Bingo's face falls.
Bluey: Have some cheese and jam, Mini Bluey.
Scene: Bluey picks up a slice of toast for herself.
Bluey: We love cheese and jam.
Scene: They both take a bite.  Bingo makes a pained face.
Bingo: I...love...it.
Bluey: See?
Bandit: This is gonna be a long day.
Scene: Bluey marches into the living room, followed by Bingo.
Bluey: Okay, Mini Bluey, let's learn about me. Hmm... Ooh. I like to say 'cereal' instead of 'serious.'
Scene: Bingo nods.
Bluey: Oh, and I'll show you how I dance. I like to do this sort of thing.
Scene: She bobs from side to side, pumping her arms.  Bingo copies her.
Bluey: And sometimes this.
Scene: She shakes out her right foot, and then her left.  Bingo copies her and giggles.
Bluey: Yep, that's it. And I sort of just talk all the time. It doesn't even need to make sense. Just noises are fine.
Scene: Bluey starts making a high-pitched noise...
Bluey: Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort!
Scene: ...and Bingo joins in.
Bluey, Bingo: Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort!
Bluey: and I like to sing.
Scene: She sings shrilly and dramatically.
Bluey: ♫ Ohh! Singing things! ♫
Scene: Bingo giggles, then tries it herself.
Bingo: ♫ Ohh! Singing things... ♫
Bluey: A bit louder.
Bingo: ♫ Ohh! Singing things! ♫
Bluey: Yeah, that's great.
Scene: In the playroom, Bluey leads Bingo around.
Bluey: I like to just leave my toys on the ground.
Scene: Bluey picks up a squeaky blue echidna and pets it.
Bingo: Isn't it better to tidy them away?
Bluey: Nah, it doesn't make much difference.
Scene: Bluey tosses the echidna on the ground in front of Bingo.  Bingo trips over it.
Bingo: Agh!
Scene: Chilli looks through a stack of books that's being used as the support in a blanket fort.
Chilli: Where is it?!
Scene: Bluey walks up behind her, tailed by Bingo.
Bluey: Bort! Bort! Bort! I like to ask a lot of questions.
Scene: She turns to Chilli.
Bluey: Mum, what are you doing?
Chilli: You know what I'm doing, Bluey, I'm—
Bluey: But I don't really listen to the whole answer.
Scene: Chilli gets down on her hands and knees to look at the bottom books in the stack.
Bluey: Ooh, and if I see a bum, I give it a little bom-di-di-boom.
Scene: Bluey plays Chilli's bum like the bongos. Bingo giggles and runs to join in.  Chilli tries to wave them away.
Chilli: Hey! Get out of it!
Bluey: Bom-di-di-boom, boop-boop-boop.
Scene: Out in the yard, Bandit is raking grass clipping into a pile.
Bandit: Hey, Blueys, I need you to pick up these grass clippings...
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run out onto the porch.
Bandit: ...and put them in the wheelbarrow.
Bingo: Yes, Father.
Scene: Bingo starts to go out and help.  Bluey stops her.
Bluey: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where do you think you're going?
Bingo: To help Dad. I like wheelbarrows.
Bluey: Bingo likes wheelbarrows. Bingo helps Dad. You're Mini Bluey now.
Bingo: Oh, yeah.
Bluey: And Bluey does not like grass clippings. I'll tell you that for free.
Bingo: But Dad said we have to do it.
Bluey: Let's find out if he's cereal.
Scene: Bluey clears her throat.
Bluey: Excuse me, big fella.
Bandit: (muttering) Here we go.
Bingo: These grass clippings you're talking about, why do we have to put them in the wheelbarrow? They don't belong to us.
Bandit: Well, you know all that food in the fridge? That doesn't belong to you either. But, if you want to keep eating it, I suggest you get to work.
Bluey: Okay, he's cereal.
Scene: A few moments later, Bluey and Bingo are loading the wheelbarrow, while Bandit waters the lawn.
Bingo: ♫ Wh-ee-ee-ee-l! ♫
Scene: Bingo dumps in an armful of grass.  Bluey put sin a single blade.
Bingo: ♫ Barrow! ♫
Bandit: Mini Bluey, that's quite loud.
Bluey: Yeah, Mini Bluey, I don't really sing when I'm doing chores.
Scene: Bingo puts in another armload of grass.
Bluey: I usually whinge...
Scene: Bingo puts in another armload of grass.
Bluey: ...annnd do the job a lot slower than what you're doing. Watch.
Scene: Bluey slumps, listless.  She moans loudly.
Bluey: Ughhh.  Why do we have to do this?
Scene: Bingo giggles.  Bluey deposits a pinch of grass in the wheelbarrow.
Bingo: Ugh, it's hot!
Scene: They both deposit a pinch of grass.
Bandit: Okay, you know what? Can I order double Bingos?
Bluey: No! It's double Blueys forever! Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Bingo: My arms hurt.
Scene: Bandit sprays Bingo with the hose, washing off the chalk.
Bluey, Bingo: Argh!
Scene: They both giggle.
Bandit: Double. Bingos!
Scene: In the play room, Bingo has put on a towel turban.  Bluey hands her a chalk.
Bluey: Mm...yeah, here you go. Start on my tail.
Scene: Bingo swipes the chalk down Bluey's tail, leaving a stripe of orange.  They both giggle.
Scene: Back out in the yard, Bandit is still watering the lawn.
Bingo: Hi, Dad!
Bandit looks behind himself: Bingo stands next to Bluey, who has been coloured with markings very similar to Bingo's.
Bandit: Whoa!
Bingo: This is Big Bingo.
Bluey: Hi. May we help you tidy these grass clippings away?
Bandit: Uh... Yeah?
Bluey: Come on, Mini Bingo.
Scene: They run off to the wheelbarrow.  Bingo giggles.
Bandit: (quietly) Result!
At the wheelbarrow: 
Bingo: I like to pretend I'm hugging a wombat. Hug!
Scene: She lifts a double-armful of grass clippings.
Bluey: Hug!
Scene: And so does Bluey.
Scene: Now I put it to bed.
Scene: They gently deposit the grass clippings in the wheelbarrow.
Bingo: Goodnight.
Bluey: Night-night.
Scene: Bluey pats the pile of grass affectionately.  They both giggle.
Scene: In the girls' bedroom, Chilli is looking under Bluey's bed.
Chilli: Where are you, Shmurdle?
Bluey: Here he is!
Scene: Chilli looks up.  Bluey stands behind her, holding up the book in question.
Chilli: Oh!
Scene: In the kitchen, Chilli adds it to the stack of library books.
Chilli: Thanks, um...
Bluey: Big Bingo!
Chilli: ..Big Bingo.
Scene: Bandit walks in and ruffles Bluey's hair.
Bandit: Double Bingo!
Scene: Bluey chuckles.
Bandit: I could definitely get used to this.
Scene: Bluey's face falls.
Bluey: What?!
Chilli: (hissing) Bandit!
Bandit: Oh, uh... I didn't mean...
Scene: Bluey runs out of the room.
Bandit: Oh, Bluey, wait.
Scene: Bingo runs after her.
Bingo: Big Bingo!
Scene: Bandit and Chilli look after them, sadly. After a moment, Bandit looks at Chilli.
Bandit: (quietly) But, seriously, how good's double Bingo?
Chilli: (quietly) Yeah, I know!
Scene: In the girls' bedroom, Bluey is sitting on Bingo's bed, holding her knees.
Bingo: Hi, Big Bingo.
Bluey: I wasn't sure which bed to sit on.
Scene: Bingo hops up on the bed and sits down next to Bluey.
Bingo: Are you okay?
Bluey: Mum and Dad want two of yous. They don't want any of mes.
Bingo: It's very rude.
Bluey: It's because I'm annoying and you're not annoying at all.
Bingo: Yes, I am. I'm super annoying.
Bluey: Really?
Bingo: Yeah! I'm just different annoying. I'll show you.
Scene: Bingo hops off the bed and looks under it.
Bingo: Where's the sticky tape?
Scene: Bluey grabs the sticky tape off the bookshelf.
Bluey: Here you go.
Bingo: Oop, thanks.
Scene: She takes a strip of tape.
Bingo: And can you find the fake teeth for me?
Bluey: Ooh, OK!
Scene: Bluey grabs a set of novelty fake teeth off the ledge, while Bingo tapes her nose to her forehead, pulling it way up.
Bluey: Here you go!
Scene: Bingo pops in the teeth.
Bluey: Agh!
Bingo: Agheee...
Bluey: You look crazy!
Bingo: Follow me.
Scene: Bluey squeals, delighted.
Scene: In the living room, Bandit lays down on the couch with a newspaper.
Bandit: Oh, man!
Scene: He turns the page.
Bandit: Chill the beans.
Scene: He turns the page again.  As the paper closes, he spots Bingo, who has now gone wall-eyed and is carrying a globe. Bandit screams and throws the paper into the air.
Bingo: Eeee...
Scene: Bingo slowly walks towards him.
Bandit: Bingo! What?!
Bingo: Eeee...
Bandit: (chuckling) Stop it!
Scene: Bandit climbs onto the back of the couch to get away from her.  Bingo climbs onto the cushions.
Bandit: You're freakin' me out!
Bingo: Eeee...
Scene: Bandit falls off the back of the couch.
Bandit: Ooh! Get away from me!
Scene: Bandit gets up and runs into the kitchen.  Chilli enters the living room, looking behind her to watch Bandit.
Chilli: What's going on in—
Scene: She comes face-to-face with Bingo, standing on the arm of the couch.
Bingo: Eeee...
Chilli: Aaah!  That's— stop— go—
Scene: Chilli backs up.  Bingo jumps off the arm of the couch to follow her.
Bingo: Eeee...
Chilli: Aaah!
Scene: Chilli runs into the kitchen.  Bingo follows, and Bluey comes after, doing the best impression of Bingo she can without tape or false teeth.
Bluey, Bingo: Eeee...
Scene: In the second floor hallway, Chilli runs past the pantry cupboard.
Chilli: Agh! Bingo! Stop it!
Scene: The pantry door opens — Bandit was hiding inside.  Bingo and Bluey slowly catch up.
Bluey, Bingo: Eeee...
Bandit: In here!
Chilli: Aaagh!
Scene: Chilli runs into the cupboard, and the door slams just before Bluey and Bingo get there.
Bluey, Bingo: Eeee...
Bluey and Bingo bang on the door with their fists.  Inside the cupboard, Chilli and Bandit sit on the floor.  Bandit yells through the door: 
Bandit: That's it, we want one Bluey and one Bingo from now on. You got that?!
Scene: Outside the cupboard, Bluey whispers something in Bingo's ear.
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off giggling.
Scene: Back inside the cupboard, Bandit eats a piece of raw spaghetti.
Chilli: Do you think it's safe?
Bandit: I think so. It's been 20 minutes.
Scene: Bandit cautiously opens the door and peers outside.  He steps out, followed by Chilli.  They spot something off screen, and jump back.
Bandit, Chilli: Argh!
Scene: Big Bingo and Mini Bluey wave.
Bluey, Bingo: Hi!
Chilli, Bandit: Eh, close enough.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode theme plays over the credits.  Bluey and Mini Bluey appear, making annoying noises.
Bluey, Bingo: Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort!
Scene: The music ends.  Bluey and Bingo keep going.
Bluey, Bingo: Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort! Bort!
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode starts in the living room, where Bluey and Bingo are playing Memory. Around them they have set up a city made up of blocks and stuffed animals.
Bingo: Monkey...Oh, lion. Your turn!
Scene: Bluey turns a card over, only for the game to be interrupted.
Chilli: Kids! Can you come here, please?
Bluey: Aww, do we have to?
Chilli: Yes, come on!
Bluey: But why do we have to?
Chilli: We're deciding what cake to make for Bingo's birthday!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo squeal in excitement, as they both run to the kitchen. In her haste, Bingo accidentally trips over a block. The shot cuts to the kitchen, where Chilli and Bandit are looking over a cookbook.
Chilli: What do you reckon, Bingo? Rocket ship?
Bingo: No thanks.
Chilli: Princess?
Bingo: No thanks!
Bingo: Nah. Keep going!
Scene: Chilli turns more pages over, landing on a page with the picture of a swimming pool cake.
Bluey: Ooh, what about swimming pool?
Bingo: No thanks!
Bandit: Ooh, jet planes!
Bingo: Nah, keep turning!
Scene: Chilli turns the page once again, this time landing on duck cake. This catches Bingo's attention.
Bingo: Duck Cake!
Bluey: Yeah! Duck Cake!
Scene: Chilli and Bandit worriedly look at each other, knowing it will be hard to make.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo, are you sure? That looks hard to make..
Bingo: Yeah, I'm sure!
Bandit: Why do you want a duck cake?
Bingo: Cause it made my tail wag!
Chilli: Can't argue with that! Duck cake it is!
Scene: Chilli closes the book. As she does she puts the book in Bandit's hands.
Chilli: Good luck.
Bandit: What? I have to make it?
Chilli: I have to take Bingo to mini-hockey!
Bingo: Ooh, look! My tail loves mini-hockey too!
Chilli: Plus you remember my clown cake?
Scene: They all shudder in fear.
Bandit: I remember.
Bluey: He was not a funny clown.
Bandit: Alright, I'll give it a crack!
Bluey, Bingo: Duck Cake!
Bingo: This episode of Bluey is called Duck Cake!
Scene: Bingo and Chilli are leaving. Bingo runs to the door first while Chilli hops past blocks in her way. Bluey and Bandit follow, only for Bluey to trip on a block.
Bingo: Make sure it looks exactly like the picture!
Bandit: I'll do my best.
Bluey: Don't worry Dad, I can help you!
Chilli: You can help by clearing this mess up!
Bluey: Aww, why do I have to? I only did the zoo hospital! Bingo did the hotel.
Chilli: Okay, you clean up your half. Bingo will do hers when she gets back. See you soon!
Bingo: Mum, how do animals with no tails know when they're happy?
Chilli: Good question, Bingo!
Scene: Bingo and Chilli leave, with Bandit left to make the cake and Bluey to clean up.
Bandit: Okay, let's do this!
Scene: Bandit walks back to the kitchen, only to trip over a block. Bluey giggles, and the shot cuts to the kitchen, with Bandit just now starting on the cake. He reads over the book while hovering a knife above the cake base.
Bandit: Okay, just cut these pointy bits...
Bluey: Hey Dad, can I help you now?
Bandit: Did you clean up the zoo hospital?
Bluey: No. I wanna help with the cake!
Bandit: You can't just help with the fun stuff, kid.
Bluey: Awww, but the fun stuff's more fun!
Bandit: What if I give you stickers to tidy up? That might make it more fun!
Bluey: Oooh, stickers!
Scene: Now in the living room, Bluey runs over to the zoo hospital.
Bandit: Okay, penguins, giraffes, monkey house. I'll give you one gold sticker for each.
Bluey: Ooh, okay! But I'm not doing Bingo's.
Bandit: Yeah, yeah, I know. Just your side.
Scene: Bandit heads back to the kitchen, and Bluey goes to clean up.
Bandit: Huh, that was easy.
Scene: Bandit sets down the gold sticker sheet, and looks down at the in-progress duck cake.
Bandit: Ugh, duck cake.
Scene: Now back at the living room, Bluey finished cleaning the monkey house.
Bluey: Dad! I cleaned up the monkey house! Can I have a star now?
Bandit: Yeah, yeah, okay. Here you go!
Bluey: Thanks!
Bandit: Keep going.
Bluey: Oooh, shiny!
Scene: The shot cuts back to the kitchen. Bandit is still working on the cake.
Bandit: Okay, Bandit. Time to cut the head...
Scene: Bandit cuts down a little too rough, causing the knife to slice the head in half.
Bandit: Well, duck heads don't have to be round.
Scene: Bluey enters, humming.
Bandit: You finished yet?
Bluey: Yep!
Scene: The shot cuts to the living room, where Bluey happily shows off the 'progress' that had been made. Bandit looks unamused.
Bandit: This is not finished.
Bluey: You asked if I was finished. And I am!
Bandit: But you don't get the rest of the stars until you've done the whole thing!
Bluey: Ooh, I decided I only want this one. Look how lovely it is. Plus, it has icing on it!
Bandit: Bluey, come on. Tidy the rest!
Bluey: But why do I have to?
Bandit: Cause it's your mess! You don't tidy it, then who will?
Bluey: Uh...you?
Bandit: Me!? Oh right, okay, yeah. I'll do it. EVEN though I have to make a duck cake for your sister, the hardest of all cakes, I'll just tidy up YOUR mess instead. I'm about to start!
Scene: Bandit kneels down, trying to persuade Bluey into cleaning her own mess while Bandit is plenty busy with the duck cake.
Bandit: You sure this is what you want?
Bluey: Uh, yeah!
Bandit: Gah! Look, I'll give you two dollarbucks to clean the whole zoo.
Bluey: Really!? Ooh, I can buy a star pony!
Scene: She reaches for the money Bandit holds out of his wallet, only for him to move it away.
Bandit: Oop, not until you've done the whole lot!
Bluey: But not Bingo's half!
Bandit: Nope, not Bingo's half...
Scene: Bluey giggles as Bandit walks away, lightly annoyed by Bluey's excuse to only clean her half in exchange for two dollarbucks. The shot transitions to Bandit working more on the duck cake. A messed up attempt to mix the icing results in it splashing out of the bowl. Bluey is in the living room cleaning up.
Bandit: Ah, hang on...You're meant to do icing at the end! Ah, it's all good.
Bluey: Dad!
Bandit: Have you finished?
Bluey: Not yet. I just wanna know...how many star ponies can I get for two dollarbucks?
Bandit: Star Ponies cost 50 dollars, kid!
Bluey: So...how many can I get?
Bandit: None, mate.
Bluey: Awww...If I clean up my zoo, will you give me enough for a star pony?
Bandit: I'm not paying you 50 bucks to clean up your mess, Bluey!
Bluey: Awww, why not?
Bandit: Because I shouldn't be paying you anything! You should just do it!
Bluey: But why should I do it?
Bandit: Cause you just should!
Bluey: But why should I just should?
Bandit: Ugh, cause I'll let you lick the beater.
Scene: Excited, Bluey squeals as she runs back to the living room. She hastily goes to clean up the zoo. Bandit does more work on the duck cake.
Bluey: Finished!
Bandit: Okay, here you go.
Bluey: At last, you are mine!
Scene: The shot cuts to Bandit and Bluey in the kitchen. Bandit is preparing for the last part, and Bluey is happily licking the icing-laden beater.
Bandit: Okay, moment of truth. Attaching of the head...
Bluey: Now I know why you should do jobs!
Bandit: Why's that?
Bluey: Icing!
Bandit: I believe in you, mate. You can do this...
Scene: He slowly but successfully sticks the head on. He then reaches for the skewers.
Bandit: That's good...that's very good. Ah, too ea--Awww, DUCK CAKE!
Bluey: Ooh, that's not good.
Scene: A heavily stressed Bandit slowly falls to sit on the ground, saddened by the loss of the tough-to-make cake he had spent a long time working his way toward completing.
Bluey: Are you okay, dad?
Bandit: Yeah mate...I'm okay.
Bluey: Don't worry!
Scene: Bluey picks up the paper towels and cleans up the spilled icing and ruined head.
Bluey: Dad?
Bandit: Yeah, mate?
Bluey: Maybe we can make the duck's neck into a sort of head!
Bandit: Well...okay. Let's give it a go. I'll just clean up the- hey, what? Did you clean this up?
Bluey: Oh, um, yeah!
Bandit: Thanks, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey's tail wags, only for her to get confused by it.
Bandit: Okay, let's give this another go!
Bluey: Uh, you go ahead, I just wanna try something!
Scene: Bluey runs back to the living room, cleaning up Bingo's half. Then it shows Bandit doing more work on the duck cake, with each getting more and more finished on their work.
Bluey and Bandit: Finished!
Scene: Just then, Chilli and Bingo enter.
Chilli: We're back! Bingo, take your hockey boots off outside, please!
Bingo: Wow, Bluey! Did you tidy all this?
Bluey: Oh, uh, yeah!
Chilli: Bingo's half as well?
Bluey: Uh huh!
Chilli: Thanks, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey's tail wags again. This time she isn't as confused by it, and Chilli's tail wags as well.
Bingo: Duck cake!
Scene: Bingo runs in, tripping over the box of the tidied up blocks and toys.
Bingo: Sorry!
Chilli: Don't worry, honey. You don't have to clean that up.
Bluey: Heehee. Okay, mum!
Scene: Bingo runs to the kitchen, where Bandit presents the finished duck cake.
Bandit: Uhh, here's your duck cake, mate. I...did my best.
Scene: Bingo stares at it for a brief moment.
Bingo: I love it!
Bandit: Really!?
Bingo: Yeah! Thanks dad!
Scene: Bingo and Bandit's tails wag. Chilli enters.
Chilli: Did you help make it, Bluey? Bluey?
Scene: The final shot cuts to Bluey cleaning up the toys that Bingo had accidentally knocked over, her tail still wagging.
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: The credits music is a joyful and climatic rendition of the episode's main soundtrack.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens in the dining room of the Heelers' house.  Bluey is drawing with markers and humming.
Scene: The scene cuts to a close-up of Bluey's drawing - it's a version of herself with fairy wings.  Bluey's drawing style is stick figures with dark outlines, colored in with marker scribbles.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the dining room. Bandit enters from the right, gesturing and walking like a monkey.
Bandit: Ooh-ooh-ooh aah-aah-aah—
Scene: Bandit stops as Bluey speaks.
Bluey: Dad, can you help me draw a dragon story?
Bandit: I'll give it a go, but I'm not a very good drawer.
Scene: Bandit takes a seat, and takes Bluey's drawing and a black marker.  He begins drawing on Bluey's drawing. The scene cuts to a close up of him completing his drawing - a barbarian version of himself.  He's got muscley arms, a fur loincloth, and a weapon on his back.  Bandit's drawing style is very similar to Bluey's, but not colored in.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the dining room.
Bandit: See what I mean?
Bluey: Am I a good drawer?
Bandit: You're a great drawer.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the drawing.  The figures are now animated, and speak along with their drawer.
Bandit: But why have you got a sandwich stuck to your back?
Bluey: They're fairy wings!
Scene: Bluey begins to hover.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the dining room.  Bluey takes the drawing back.  She looks disappointed.
Bluey: Can't you tell?
Bandit: Oh, yeah, of course.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the drawing.
Bandit: Well, if you can fly, then I'll need a horse.
Scene: A crude horse pops into being underneath Bandit, along with a green line representing the ground.  The horse is maybe half his height
Horse: (whinnies)
Scene: Bandit pats the horse on the head.
Bandit: This is Doug.
Bandit: Doug looks more like a donkey.
Bandit: Yeah, horses are hard to draw.
Scene: A drawing of Chilli enters from screen right, riding a horse, equipped with a green cloak and a bow and arrows.  Both her and the horse are well rendered in something pretty close to the show style, though she's given herself longer hair and omitted some spots.  Her drawings are colored in quite evenly, with uncolored areas representing strong lighting, and slightly heavier layers of marker creating shading.  Her drawings also move at a higher framerate than the rest of the family.
Chilli: Can I join in?
Bluey: Whoa! That horse is beautiful!
Scene: The scene cuts to the dining room.  Chilli has taken a seat next to Bluey, and is drawing on her own sheet of paper.  She has brought her own box of art markers.  Unlike the other Heelers, she's drawing left-handed.
Chilli: Thanks.
Bandit: (unenthusiastically) Yeah, it's alright.
Chilli: Oh, my, that's a lovely donkey.
Scene: The scene cutes back to the drawing.
Bluey: Actually, it's meant to be a hor—
Bandit: Uh, no, it's a donkey.
Doug: Hee-haw!
Bluey: (to Chilli) How come you're such a good drawer?
Chilli: Oh, well, I'm not that good.
Scene: Chilli rides her horse around to the other side of Bandit and Bluey.  The horse rears and neighs, and Chilli draws a sword and raises it high, creating a huge flash of light (which appears to be drawn in colored pencil).
Bluey: Yes, you are.
Scene: Chilli shrugs.
Chilli: Well, I guess my Mum always—
Bingo: (making engine noises) Vroom!
Scene: A drawing of Bingo zooms in from screen right on a motorbike.  Bingo's drawings are in crayon, and she outlines them in the same color as the fill.  Like Bluey, she colors them in with scribbles.  Bingo does a few donuts.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the dining table.  Bingo is sitting in the right-most seat, drawing with crayons on her own paper.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Bandit: A motorbike?
Scene: Bingo starts scribbling big grey smoke clouds over her drawing.
Bingo: (making engine noises) Brrum brrum brrum brrum.
Bandit: I thought this was an old-timey, elf-y story.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the drawing. Bingo is glaring at the rear wheel of her motorbike as it spins without moving her forward.
Bingo: (making engine noises) Brrum brrum brrum.
Bluey: Bingo, d'you wanna come with us to find the dragon?
Bingo: (hoarsely) YESl! (making engine noises) Vroom-vroom!
Scene: Bingo speeds off, leaving a dust cloud in Bandit's face.  Chilli looks amused.
Bandit: Ah-choo!  HEY!
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Dragon.
Scene: The scene changes to a drawing of a field, with trees and mountains in the background.  All four Heelers are traveling screen right.
Bluey: (voiceover) Once upon a time, some friends all set off to find a dragon.
Scene: Bandit scratches at his waist.
Bandit: Oh, man.  These furry jocks are itchy.
Bluey: (voiceover) When suddenly...
Scene: A huge, circular dragon plops down from the top of the screen.
Chilli's Horse: (neighs)
Bandit: Whoa!  It's... one of... those dudes.
Scene: The scene changes back to the dining room.
Bluey: Don't you know what it is?
Bandit: Yeah! It's, um...
Scene: The scene changes back to the drawings.  Bandit shrugs.
Bandit: ...Humpty Dumpty?
Bingo: (giggles) No, it's a dragon!
Chilli: Already?
Scene: The scene changes back to the dining room.  Bluey sadly adjusts her drawing.
Bluey: Um, no, it's not the dragon.
Scene: The scene changes back to the drawings.  A wall pops up from underneath the dragon, and its wings and horns vanish.
Bluey: It's Humpty Dumpty.
Chilli: Are you sure, Bluey?
Bluey: Yes. The dragon's hiding somewhere else.
Scene: Bandit walks up and pats Humpty Dumpty.
Bandit: Well, that's good. Humpty Dumpty's friendly.
Scene: Humpty Dumpty eats Bandit and Doug in one bite.
Humpty Dumpty: Rah!
Bingo: Aaaaah! No, he isn't!
Scene: Chilli dismounts and draws her bow.
Chilli: Get him!
Scene: She shoots an arrow, which bounces off.  Bluey zaps him with a lightning bolt.
Humpty Dumpty: (roaring) Rah!
Scene: Bandit and Doug can be seen thrashing around in his open mouth, covered in orange goo.
Bandit: It's all yolk-y!
Scene: Chilli continues rapidly firing arrows.
Chilli: Poit! Poit! Poit!
Bingo: Bluey, imagine me a jump!
Bluey: Okay!
Scene: 'Bingo drives further back.  Bluey magically summons her a jump.  She drives up the jump, going airborne.
Bingo: Aaaah!
Scene: She hits Humpty Dumpty, knocking him over.  He cracks in half, spilling out Bandit and Doug, still coloured orange.
Bingo: (grunts) Uh!
Humpty Dumpty: (high pitched) Ouchy!
Bingo, Bluey, and Chilli: Hooray!
Scene: Bandit Who wants scrambled eggs?
Chilli, Bluey, Bingo and Bandit: (cheer)
Scene: They all dance, as a brief jig plays.
Scene: The scene changes to the Heelers traveling across a grassy field once more.
Bluey: (voiceover) So, the friends kept walking...
Scene: Bandit scratches at his jocks.
Bandit: Maybe I should be shampooing these things.
Scene: The scene changes to a blank white void, with a simple black line for the ground.
Bluey: (voiceover) ... and then they got to a forest.
Scene: The scene changes to the dining room.
Bluey: Can you draw a forest, Mum?
Chilli: Okay.  Will the dragon be in it, do you think?
Bluey: Um, no, not yet.
Scene: The scene changes back to the drawing.  The void fills in with a forest, in Chilli's style.  They start traveling again.
Chilli: Wow.  This dragon's hard to find.  Let's ask the wise old talking tree.
Bluey: Oh, yeah! She can tell us where the dragon is.
Bluey: (voiceover) So they walked to where the wise old talking tree was.
Scene: The party arrives at a clearing.
Bingo: (hoarsely) We're here!
Bluey: Where's the magic tree, Mum?
Scene: The scene changes back to the dining room.  Chilli is rubbing her right wrist.
Chilli: (groans) Ugh. My hand's sore from drawing all these leaves. Could you draw it, Bluey?
Bluey: Um, no, I don't want to.
Bandit: I'll draw it.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the drawing. A line drawing of a tree pops up.  It's not much taller than a person; and it's got eyes, a mouth, arms, and a hat.
Bandit: (doing a goofy voice for the tree) Hiya.  How's it going?
Scene: The scene cuts back to the dining room.  Bluey, Chilli, and Bingo are looking quizzically at Bandit's drawing.
Bluey: Uh, Bingo, why don't you draw it?
Bingo: Okay.
Chilli: Wait, no!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the drawing.  The tree transforms into a much larger tree in Bingo's style.  It's still got eyes and a mouth, but now it's got a (photographic) piece of farfalle pasta for a bowtie, and big pink fruits.
Bingo': (doing a goofy voice for the tree) Raaah!
Scene: The tree reaches down with its limbs and grabs everyone.
Bluey, Bandit, and Chilli: Aaaah!
Talking Tree: Let's... eat... fruit!
Scene: The tree stars force feeding the Heelers by jamming the pink fruits in their faces.  Chilli spits out a mouthful of fruit and holds it away from her face.
Chilli: Talking tree, we just want to know where the dragon is!
Talking Tree: He's in the toilet.  Ha, ha, ha!
Scene: The scene cuts to Bingo, scribbling on her drawing of a tree.
Bingo: (giggles)
Scene: The scene cuts back to the drawing.
Bandit: Hey, I know what trees hate. (bad Scarface impression) Say hello to my little friend!
Scene: Bandit draws a two-headed axe.
Talking Tree: Oh! Bye!
Scene: The tree throws them all offscreen.
All: (scream)
Scene: The scene changes to a rocky clearing in the forest.  All four Heelers land with a groan.
Chilli: (pained) Why don't we camp here for the night.
Scene: The scene cuts to a drawing of a crescent moon.  It's got a goofy face on it.
Moon: Moon.
Scene: The scene cuts to the Heelers making camp. Bandit is roasting a piece of meat over the campfire while Chilli watches.  Bingo dozes against a rock.  Bluey is sitting by herself, looking sad.  Bandit takes a piece of meat and hands it to Chilli, who carries it over to Bluey.
Chilli: Do you want some rabbit, Bluey?
Bandit: (offended) It's a chicken!
Bluey: I'm sorry, Mum. I'm not sure there is a dragon anymore.
Scene: Chilli puts away the piece of chicken.
Chilli: Bluey, can you cast a memory spell on your dad?  I want to show you something.
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Bandit is scratching his bum by the campfire.  Bluey comes up behind him and blasts him with a bunch of sparkly pink smoke.
Bluey: P-choo!
Bandit: Argh!
Scene: The pink smoke rises up, forming a frame around a flashback, drawn entirely in Bandit's style.  A young Bandit is in school, drawing at his desk.
Bandit: (voiceover) Whoa! Here we go.  This is me. I'm six years old.
Scene: The view changes to show young Bandit's drawings in first person.  He's drawn a police car and and a blue car, and is now working on a red one.
Bandit: (voiceover) I'm at school, drawing pictures of cars.
Bluey: (voiceover) That's a lot of cars.
Bandit: (voiceover) (wistfully) I loved drawing cars.
Scene: The view changes back to third person.  Another kid comes up behind young Bandit.  Bandit tries to hide his drawing as the kid looks from different angles.
Bluey: (voiceover) Who's that?
Bandit: (voiceover) Ugh. Bucky Dunston. He was in my class.
Bucky: That doesn't look like a car.
Scene: Bucky walks off.  Young Bandit wads up his drawing, and throws it in his desk.
Bandit: (voiceover) I kind of gave up drawing cars after that. Gave up drawing altogether, really.
Scene: The memory spell fades, transitioning back to the shared drawing.
Bandit: (whimpers sadly)
Bluey: That's sad.
Chilli: Now do me.
Bluey: Whoo!
Scene: Bluey blasts Chilli with pink smoke.  She smiles happily as the camera pans up to the scene in the smoke.  In Chilli's style, we see a young Chilli laying on the floor, drawing with pencils.  She's drawing a horse, and she has a book open for reference.
Chilli: (voiceover) There I am, seven years old, drawing horses.
Chilli: (voiceover) I loved drawing horses...
Scene: The view changes to first person.  Chilli is comparing her drawing to an illustration of a quarter horse from the book.
Chilli: (voiceover) ...but I could never get them to look right.
Scene: The view changes back to third person.  Frustrated, young Chilli shoves the drawing away.
Young Chilli: Why don't they look like the picture?
Scene: Chilli's Mum enters from screen right and picks up the drawing.  She smiles.
Bluey: (voiceover) Who's that?
Chilli: (voiceover) That's my mum. Your grandma.
Bluey: (voiceover) Wow! She's beautiful.
Scene: Chilli's mum sits down next to young Chilli.
Young Chilli: It's not as good as the one in the picture.
Chilli's Mum: You're right.  It isn't.
Bluey: (voiceover) What?!
Chilli's Mum: But it's pretty good for a seven-year-old.
Scene: Young Chilli's tail starts to wag.
Young Chilli: Really?
Chilli's Mum: Yep.  Keep practising.  You'll get better.
Scene: Chilli's Mum gives the drawing back, and strokes Young Chili's head.
Chilli's Mum: Just don't ever give up, Chilli.
Scene: Chilli starts to draw again as the memory spell fades.  The camera pans back down to the shared drawing.
Scene: Chilli and Bluey walk over to Chilli's Horse and Doug.
Chilli: I didn't give up.  That's the difference.
Scene: Chilli strokes her horse's nose.
Bluey: Your mum sounds nice.
Scene: The scene moves in for a close up of Chilli stroking the horse's nose.
Chilli: Yeah.  She was.
Scene: The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through the forest again.  Bandit is scratching again.'
Bluey: (voiceover) The heroes traveled on.
Bandit: These...
Scene: The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through a swamp in the rain.
Bandit: ...jocks...
Scene: The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through a desert.
Bandit: ...are...
Scene: The scene changes to the Heelers trekking through a blizzard.
Bandit: ...ITCHY!
Scene: The scene changes again, the Heelers arrive at a snowy plateau.
Bingo: Are we almost at the dragon, Bluey?
Scene: The scene changes to the dining room.'
Bingo: My fingers are tired.
Scene: Bluey smiles and starts drawing with her green marker.
Scene: The scene changes back to the drawing.
Bluey: Bingo, check behind those bushes.
Scene: Bingo jumps off of her motorbike and throws aside a bush, revealing the entrance to a cave.
All: (gasp) The dragon's cave!
Scene: They all briefly dance, as another snippet of jig plays.
Scene: The scene changes to the interior of the cave.  The Heelers all enter.
All: (gasp)
Scene: The camera pulls back, revealing a huge mountain of gold, stretching off the edge of the screen.
All: Treasure!
Scene: The scene changes to the mountain of gold.  Bingo and Bandit kneel down and start picking up gold coins.
Scene: The scene changes back to Bluey and Bingo at the base of the mountain of gold.  Chilli looks around warily.
Chilli: I can't see a dragon.
Scene: The scene cuts to the dining room.
Bluey: He's coming.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the drawing.  Bingo and Bandit are still picking up gold.  Bandit has filled his jocks with coins.  Bingo is examining a golden goblet.
Bingo: Eh.  I don't need a cup.
Scene: Bingo tosses the cup over her shoulder.  It bounces down to the bottom of the hoard, where it hits the floor with a jingle, which echoes.
Chilli: Uh-oh.
Scene: Two huge eyes open in the darkness behind Chilli and Bluey.
Bingo: (offscreen) (gasp) I see its eyes!
Scene: Bluey and Chilli run up the hoard to stand with Bingo and Bandit.
Bluey: Here it comes!
Scene: A huge green dragon emerges from the darkness.  It's a big improvement on Bluey's last drawing.
Dragon: (roars) RAAAH!
All: Whoa!
Bandit: Oh! That is a cool dragon!
Bingo: It's so good!
Scene: The scene cuts back to the dining room.
Bluey: Well, it's okay.
Scene: Chilli nudges Bluey with her elbow.
Chilli: It's pretty good for a seven-year-old.
Scene: The scene changes back to the drawing.  Bandit approaches the dragon.
Bandit: Ooh, it's got pink wings—
Dragon: (roars) Raaaah!
Scene: The dragon breathes fire, setting Bandit's jocks on fire.
Bandit: Aaah!
Scene: Bandit runs up the mountain of treasure, past the rest of the party.
Bandit: He burnt my furry jocks!
Chilli: Oh, it's on!
Scene: Chilli starts firing arrows at the dragon.
Chilli: Poit! Poit! Poing! Poing! Poit!
Dragon: Waah!
Scene: The dragon breathes fire, but Bluey counters it with a blast of blue magic.
Bluey: Raah!
Dragon: Grrr!
Scene: The battle continues offscreen as the scene cuts to Bingo and Bandit.  Bingo hasn't moved the whole battle, just watching it play out.  Bandit's jocks are gone.
Bandit: Woo-hoo! Free and easy.
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bluey, flying around the dragon's head.  She continues cancelling out its fire breath with blasts of blue magic.  They both fire a sustained blast; the point where the blasts collide moves back and forth.
Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo: That's it, Bluey!
Scene: Bluey overpowers the dragon, and blasts it with her magic.  It transforms into a huge green handbag with a face.
All: Hooray!
Scene: The handbag falls to the floor.  Boulders begin to fall from the cave ceiling.
Chilli: Ahhh! The cave's collapsing!
Scene: More boulders fall, sealing off the entrance.
Bluey: The entrance is blocked!
Scene: Bingo drops her coins and falls to her knees.
Bingo: We're doomed!
Scene: Bandit gets a smug look on his face.
Bandit: Hang on. What's this?
Scene: Bandit dives into the pile of gold.  A moment later, and engine roars, and he emerges, driving another drawing of the red car from his flashback.
Bandit: Woo-hoo-hoo!
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: Nice car, Dad!
Bandit: Thanks! Just needs a bullbar.
Scene: A bullbar appears on the front of the car.  He revs the engine and the car takes off.
Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli: (scream)
Scene: They ram the boulders and go right through, exiting the cave.  The car screeches to a halt at the edge of the plateau.  They all jump out of the car and do a little dance.
All: Yeah! We did it! Woo-hoo!
Scene: The scene briefly cuts to the mountains, before cutting back to the car.  Bingo's motorbike is now strapped to the top of the car, and Bandit is trying to cram Doug into the trunk with a pile of gold.
Bandit: Come on, Doug! Get in!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: Doug springs back into shape, knocking Bandit down.
Doug: Hee-haw!
Scene: Chilli is pulling on the reins of her horse.  She resists.
Chilli's Horse: (neighs)
Chilli: (sadly) You're not coming, are you?
Scene: The horse whinnies and shakes her head.  She lowers her head, and Chilli presses her forehead against the horse's forehead.
Chilli: Thank you.
Scene: Chilli takes off the horse's bridle.  The horse rears back, sprouting wings which knock off its saddle.
Horse: (neighs)
Scene: The horse takes flight.  The Heelers watch as it flies off into the distance.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The music from the final scenec continues uninterrupted into the credits.  Instead of Bluey dancing, the end credits show a handful of gold coins, a golden goblet, and a ruby.  The treasure sparkles gently.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the Heelers' house. It's morning.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo are sitting at a low table on the back verandah. The table is covered in art supplies and stacks of drawing paper. Bingo is drawing with a red crayon. Chilli takes a seat on an open stool, with a mug of tea.
Chilli: Okay, let's make some Father's Day cards for Dad.
Bingo: I'm going to do a red love heart rainbow card.
Chilli: Oh, great!
Scene: Bandit walks up, making a cocky entrance.
Bandit: Hey, what's going on?
Chilli, Bluey, Bingo: Argh! Dad, get out!
Scene: Bandit folds his arms and walks away, mock offended.
Bandit: Oh! After all I've done for this family!
Scene: Bluey starts cutting a piece of paper to size with a pair of safety scissors.
Chilli: Okay, what about you, Bluey?
Bluey: I'm gonna draw the perfect picture of me and Dad.
Chilli: The perfect picture?
Bluey: Yes. ㅤㅤㅤ What does perfect mean?
Bingo: I know!
Scene: Bingo waves her crayon to emphasize each really.
Bingo: It means, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really... good.
Chilli: Pretty much.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bluey: (voiceover) This episode of Bluey is called: Perfect.
Scene: Bingo has changed to a yellow crayon.
Bluey: This is going to be so perfect, Dad will stick it straight on the fridge.
Chilli: Perfect is tough, Bluey. I'm just warning you.
Bluey: It's fine. Oop! It's not straight...
Scene: She tosses her sheet of paper in the bin and gets a fresh one.
Bluey: Start again. It has to be perfect!
Scene: The scene cuts to a spider web, beaded with dew that shines in the morning light.
Scene: It cuts back to Bluey's viewpoint. She holds a blue marker, hesitating to draw on a blank white card.
Bluey: What should I draw me and Dad doing?
Scene: The scene returns to a third-person view.
Chilli: How about just standing there with your arms out, exactly like this one?
Scene: Chilli gestures to a drawing of Bluey, attached to an easel.
Bluey: No, it has to be better than that.
Chilli: But this one's lovely.
Bluey: But it's not on the fridge.
Chilli: Uh, no, I guess not.
Bingo: What do you like the best of what Dad does?
Bluey: Ooh, I know! I love it when he does, 'It's Dad!'
Scene: Bingo giggles.
Bingo: Oh, yeah!
Scene: The scene cuts to the Heelers' kitchen. Bluey and Bingo are reading at the breakfast bar. Chilli is cooking. Bandit enters from the living room, and holds his arms out, as though expecting praise.
Bandit: Iiit's Dad!
Scene: No one acknowledges him. Chilli shakes some spices into a pot.
Bandit: ㅤ Okay, listen up.
Scene: Bluey, Bingo, and Chilli turn to look at him.
Bandit: ㅤ Whenever I walk into a room, everyone has to clap and go, 'Whoo! Yeah! It's Dad! Alright! That guy's awesome!' Got it?
Chilli, Bluey, Bingo: Got it.
Scene: Chilli, Bluey, Bingo return to what they were doing.
Bandit: OK, let's try that again.
Scene: Bandit leaves, then enters again, arms held out expectantly.
ㅤㅤBandit: Iiit's Dad!
Scene: Everyone turns to look at him. Chilli slowly claps, twice.
Scene: After a moment, Bluey and Bingo giggle. Bandit jumps forward and starts tickling Bluey. Bluey laughs.
Bandit: Pick up your game!
Scene: The scene returns to the present. Bluey has drawn a card showing Bandit picking her up to tickle her.
Chilli: That looks great, Bluey!
Bluey: Mm, I can't draw tickling very perfect.
Bingo: Yeah, it looks more like he's throwing you.
Bluey: Ooh, I can draw throwing!
Bingo: Ooh, you can draw No Ticket!
Scene: The scene cuts to the sitting room. Chilli, Bluey, and Bingo are sitting on the couch. She is reading them a picture book.
Chilli: And he built his house out of straw. Hm, bad move, pig.
Scene: Bandit walks up to Bingo, clears his throat, and holds out his hand.
Bandit: Ticket.
Bingo: Oh, yes. Here you go.
Scene: Bingo pretends to get a ticket out of her pocket and hands it to Bandit. She giggles. Bandit pretends to take and punch it.
Bandit: P-chuck.
Scene: He holds his hand out to Chilli.
Bandit: Ticket.
Scene: She searches her pockets.
Chilli: Oh, yes, of course. Oh, what did I do with it? It's here somewhere.
Bandit: (warningly) Ticket!
Chilli: Oh, here it is!
Scene: She pretends to hand over a ticket, which Bandit punches.
Bandit: P-chuck. Quicker next time.
Scene: Bingo giggles again. Bandit holds out his hand to Bluey.
ㅤㅤBandit: Ticket.
Bluey: Oh, uh, I don't have one.
Scene: Bandit snaps from a bored expression to an angry one. Bluey shrieks.
Scene: Bandit picks her up, and tosses her onto a beanbag a few feet away. He dusts his hands. Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Bandit hooks his thumb over his shoulder, and explains: 
Bandit: No ticket.
Scene: The scene returns to the present. She has drawn Bandit throwing her onto a beanbag, as Bingo and Chilli watch from the couch.
Chilli: Beautiful, Bluey. I think Dad will like that.
Bingo: (annoyed) Dad's games are always too rough.
Bluey: Hmm, I'm not very perfect at drawing big couches.
Chilli: It looks great!
Bingo: Yeah, it doesn't look like our couch.
Bluey: It looks more like a chair.
Bingo: Ooh! You can draw Dad playing Chair.
Bluey: Oh, yeah!
Scene: The scene cuts to the living room. Bluey plays with a stress ball. It squeaks each time she squeezes it.
Scene: Bandit enters from the kitchen. He stands in the middle of the room.
Bandit: Oh, man, my legs are tired from all this child rearing. Surely sitting down on a comfy chair will do the trick. Oh, look, I have my choice of any chair I want. Where to sit? Here will do.
Scene: He sits down directly on Bluey. She shrieks.
Bluey: Dad! Get off!
Scene: Bluey giggles and tries to struggle.
Bandit: Oh, wow. Sitting in this chair was definitely the right decision. So relaxing!
Bluey: Get off!
Scene: The scene returns to the present. Bluey has drawn Dad sitting on a chair, with herself squished underneath him.
Chilli: The chair looks like a chair. Good to go.
Bingo: But you're not really in it.
Bluey: Yeah, it's supposed to be a picture of Dad and me.
Chilli: Bluey, it's fine. It doesn't have to be perfect. Dad will love anything you do.
Bluey: So if I gave him this, he'd love it?
Scene: Bluey draws a wavy line. Bingo giggles.
Chilli: Well, um, yes.
Bingo: Will he love this?
Scene: Bingo draws a straight line.
Chilli: Yes, he would.
Bingo: Really?
Bluey: This?
Scene: Bluey draws a dot.
Chilli: Okay, okay. Yes. ㅤㅤㅤHe'd love it more if you put some care into it.
Bluey: And made it...perfect?
Chilli: No, not perfect. Just the best you can do. ㅤㅤㅤCome on, what can you draw where we see you and Dad?
Bingo: With no big couches or tickling.
Bluey: But throwing is fine.
Chilli, Bluey, Bingo: Hmm.
Bluey, Bingo: Ooh, Boomerang!
Chilli: Boomerang?
Scene: The scene cuts to a park. There is evidently a party going on, with streamers and balloons. Fido and Bandit are talking.
Fido: It was all pretty quick, really. It was just in and out and I even got to keep them.
Scene: Bluey runs in, spinning.
Bluey: Oo-ooh-oo-ooh-ooh-oo! Whoa!
Scene: She crashes into Bandit.
Bandit: Hey! Oh, man, I'm sick of this boomerang. Do you want a boomerang, Fido?
Fido: No, my boomerang supplies are plentiful.
Bandit: Well, what am I gonna do with this boomerang?
Fido: Well, maybe just throw that boomerang away.
Bandit: Oh, yes, of course. I'll throw the boomerang away. That will do it.
Scene: Bandit grabs Bluey, and shoves her. She takes off running and spinning.
Bluey: Whoa!
Scene: Bandit dusts his hands.
Bandit: There. That's the last we've seen of that boomerang.
Fido: Because you threw it away.
Scene: Bluey runs through the background, spinning.
Bluey: Oo-ooh-oo-ooh-ooh-oo...
OriginalDisneyBandit: Look, I'm keen to get it done, but, Chilli, she wants to keep her options open. But I don't know. Do we want any more of these things running around?Bandit: Yeah, I know, I probably should get it done. But I love my dog teeth. I dunno, what if one day I just wanna bite someone?
Scene: Bluey crashes into Bandit again.
Bluey: Ooh!
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: The scene returns to the present. Bluey has drawn Bandit, throwing Bluey high into the sky.
Chilli: That's a cracker!
Bingo: That's what Boomerang looks like.
Scene: Bluey sets her marker down, looking sad.
Chilli: What's wrong this time?
Scene: Bluey sadly walks down the verandah steps.
Bluey: I don't know. It's just not perfect enough.
Chilli: Perfect enough for what?
Scene: Bluey sits down on the bottom step. She draws circles on the railing with her finger. Chilli sits down beside her.
ㅤㅤㅤChilli: Is there something you want to tell me, Bluey?
Scene: The scene cuts to the laundry room. Chilli is putting laundry in a basket. Bingo runs up with a piece of paper.
Bingo: Mum, I drew you a picture!
Scene: She hands the picture to Chilli. It shows a red flower and a pair of purple butterflies.
Chilli: Oh, wow.
Bingo: Do you like it?
Chilli: Yeah, it's perfect.
Bingo: Hooray!
Chilli: That's going straight to the fridge.
Scene: Chilli and Bingo stand in front of the fridge. It is covered with drawings already.
ㅤㅤㅤChilli: Not much room up here. Hmm. Look, I'm just going to put it on top of Bluey's for now.
Scene: She lifts up a magnet, and slides Bingo's drawing on top of a drawing of Bluey and Chilli holding hands, with a love heart. Bingo and Chilli admire it happily.
Scene: Chilli notices something, and steps aside. The music stops. Bluey is standing behind her, holding a box of cereal and a bowl. She stares, open-mouthed.
Chilli: Oh! Hi, Bluey.
Scene: The cereal box falls from Bluey's hand.
Scene: The scene returns to the present.
Chilli: I'm sorry, kid.
Scene: Bluey crawls into Chilli's lap. Chilli rubs her back.
Chilli: I'm not perfect I'm afraid.
Bluey: That's okay.
Chilli: Being a parent's tough.
Bluey: So is drawing.
Chilli: Yeah, so is drawing.
Scene: Bluey sits back down.
Chilli: But listen, how many times have you banged your knee or scratched yourself playing with your dad?
Bluey: Hmm...
Scene: The scene cuts to Bandit and Chilli's bedroom.
Bandit: No ticket!
Scene: Bandit throws Bluey onto the bed.  She shrieks and giggles, and bounces right off the side.
Bluey: Argh!
Bandit: Whoop! Ooh!
Scene: Bandit walks around the side of the bed.  Bluey is rubbing her knee.
Bandit: You right, mate?
Bluey: Um, yeah, I just banged my knee.
Scene: The scene changes to the party at the park.
Scene: Bandit winds up to give Bluey another shove.
Bandit: I am sick of this boomerang!
Scene: He gives her a shove, seeing too late that Bingo is standing directly in her path, holding a slice of cake.  Bingo shrieks.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the present.
Bluey: Lots.
Chilli: And what's the first thing he always says?
Bluey: Um...
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Chilli's bedroom.
Bandit: Don't tell your mum.
Scene: The scene cuts back to the present.
Chilli: What?!
Scene: Bluey giggles.  Bandit walks up, and holds his arms out wide to receive praise.
Bandit: It's Dad!
Scene: Chilli growls and gives him an angry stare.  Bandit backs away sheepishly.
Bandit: Uh, I'll come back later.
Scene: Chilli rolls her eyes and turns back to Bluey.
Chilli: What else does he always say?
Scene: The scene cuts back to the bedroom.  Bandit makes a fist, showing off his bicep.
Bandit: Well, Bluey, it's a good thing you're tough.
Scene: The scene cuts to the park.  Bingo and Bluey are sitting on the ground, covered in cake.  Bingo licks cake off her hand.  Bluey is holding her upper arm.
Scene: Bandit makes a fist, showing off his bicep.
Bandit: It's a good thing you're tough.
Scene: The scene cuts to the back yard.  A pair of tire tracks lead to the bushes, where the pedal car is crashed.  Bluey, fur mussed, stands with Bandit.  They both clench their fist, showing off their biceps.
Bandit: It's a good thing you're tough.
Scene: The scene returns to the present.
Chilli: So, yeah, drawing is tough, but...
Bluey: It's a good thing I'm tough?
Chilli: Yep!
Bingo: Finished!
Scene: Bingo holds up her drawing.
Scene: The scene cuts to a wide exterior shot of the house.
Bluey, Bingo: Happy Father's Day!
Bandit: Oh, thanks, kids! Oh, look at these pictures. These are brilliant! They're going straight to the fridge.
Scene: The scene cuts to the kitchen.  The fridge is now empty of art, holding only magnets and some bills.
Bandit: Out of the way, power bill.
Scene: Bandit plucks a bill from the fridge, and throws it behind him. Bluey and Bingo giggle.
Scene: He hangs Bluey and Bingo's drawings, front and center.
Bandit: There. Perfect!
Scene: All three of them admire the drawings.  We see what they've drawn - Bluey has drawn Bandit and Bluey, showing off their biceps.  Bingo has drawn their house, surrounded by love hearts, and topped with a glittery rainbow.  Soft light illuminating motes of dust give the scene a magical quality.
Scene: END CREDITS
Scene: The episode music gets slower and simpler as the credits begin, reduced to just a violin and plucked guitar.  Bluey runs across the screen while spinning, playing Boomerang.
<|endoftext|>
The episode opens on an exterior shot of the Heeler's house.  Toys are strewn everywhere: notably, Chattermax is in between the raised garden beds, the birdie kite is stuck in a tree, and the pedal car is crashed in a bush.  The camera pans to the Chow Chows' house, which is pristine.
Scene: In their bathroom, a montage shows Wendy bathing Judo.  She lathers up Judo's hair.
Wendy: Shampoo...
Scene: Another shot of Wendy shampooing Judo.
Wendy: Shampoo again...
Scene: Wendy squeezes out pink conditioner in Judo's hair.
Wendy: Condition...
Scene: She leans Judo's head forward and pours a cup of water over her hair.
Wendy: Rinse...
Scene: She leans Judo's head back and pours a cup of water over her hair.
Wendy: ...and rinse again.
Scene: In front of the sink, she brushes Judo's arm fur with a plastic dog brush.
Wendy: Wide brush.
Scene: She brushes Judo's tail with a hairbrush.
Wendy: Fine brush.
Scene: She dries Judo's hair with a blow dryer.
Wendy: And dry.
Judo: Are you almost finished, Mum?
Wendy: Almost.
Judo: It takes a long time to do my hair, doesn't it?
Wendy: It does, but it's important, sweetheart. We're Chow Chows.
Judo: We're known for our long, lovely coats.
Scene: Wendy sighs and puts down the hair dryer.
Wendy: Sometimes I wish we weren't, though.
Scene: She puts Judo's headband on her head.
Wendy: ...And finished.
Judo: Is it as beautiful as yours?
Wendy: Even more beautiful.
Judo: Now off you go, sweetie. Go and play.
Scene: Judo runs out of the bathroom while Wendy begins tidying up.
Scene: The sound of a truck backing up can be heard.  Judo stops and looks out a window.
Driver: (offscreen) Yeah, mate?
Scene: Bandit (offscreen) Yeah, yeah, just there.
Scene: Outside the window is a dump truck full of dirt.  Bandit is directing the driver with his hands, while Bluey and Bingo look on.
Driver: (offscreen) Yeah, 'ow's that lookin'?
Scene: Bandit (offscreen) Yeah, that's good, mate.
Scene: Bandit gives the driver a thumbs-up.  The driver lifts the bed of the dump truck, leaving a huge pile of dirt in the Heelers' front lawn.
Bluey & Bingo: Diiirt!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run forwards and fling themselves face-first into the pile of dirt.  They laugh.
Scene: At her window, Judo watches the spectacle.
Judo: Mum, can I go play with Bluey?
Wendy: Sure thing, sweetie.
Scene: Judo smiles and wags.  She starts to run off.
Wendy: Just don't get dirty.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called: Dirt.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo are waist-deep in the pile of dirt, rubbing it on themselves.
Bluey: (posh accent) ♫ I'm having a dirt shower.  Time to condition. ♫
Scene: She rubs a double handful of dirt on her head.  Bingo rubs dirt under her arms.
Bingo: ♫ Oh, I'm in the shower with diiirt!  Dirt please! ♫
Scene: Bluey laughs.  Judo runs up.
Bluey: Judo, look! Dirt!
Judo: Can I play?
Bluey: Yeah, watch this.
Scene: Bluey climbs to the top of the pile and flops down on her bum.
Bluey: Diiirt!
Scene: A few clods of dirt roll down the hill and land by Judo's feet.  She recoils.
Judo: Ah!
Bluey: What's wrong?
Judo: Um, I'm not supposed to get dirty.
Bluey: Oh. Well, it might be hard to play in the dirt then.
Scene: Bingo picks up a speck of dirt and examines it closely.
Bingo: Yes, this dirt is very dirty.
Bluey: Why can't you get dirty?
Judo: I think it's because I'm a Chow Chow, and we are known for our long, lovely hair.
Scene: Bluey slides down the pile to dirt to stand next to Judo.  Bingo follows her.
Bluey: That's true, you do have lovely hair.
Bingo: Yeees...
Scene: Bingo, as though mesmerized, slowly walks forwards, extremely dirty arms outstretched.
Bingo: I want to touch it.
Scene: Judo backs away, flailing her arms.
Judo: Ah!
Scene: Bluey grabs Bingo and pulls her back.  Bingo laughs sheepishly.
Bingo: Sorry.
Bluey: I don't think we have lovely hair.
Bingo: No, Heelers don't have lovely hair.
Judo: Is there a way to play in the dirt without getting dirty?
Bluey & Bingo: Oh, um...
Bluey: Um...
Bingo: Well I'm not sure...
Judo: Oh...
Bluey: Oh, I know!
Scene: The scene briefly cuts away to an airplane flying across the sky.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo grunt as the haul Judo to the top of the dirt mound, using a disposable roasting pan as a sled.
Judo: Um, careful.  Wait, wait!
Scene: They get her to the summit.  Bluey holds onto the sled.
Bluey: Okay, you ready?
Judo: Yeah!
Scene: Bluey grunts, as she and Bingo give Judo a shove.  Judo slides down the mound.
Judo: Whee!
Scene: Judo sits happily in the sled for a moment, then stands up and starts examining herself.
Judo: Did I get dirty?!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo slide down the hill and examine her.
Bingo: Uh... no!
Pups: Hooray!
Judo: Can we do it again?
Scene: Bluey slumps.
Bluey: Oh, Judo, it's a bit hard to pull you up.
Judo: Oh. Okay.
Scene: They both look down, disappointed.
Bingo: Ooh! Let's show Judo di-di di-dirt!
Bluey: Oh, yeah!
Judo stands aside, as Bluey and Bingo back up and prepare to charge.  In an impression of the bugle call for a charge, she yells: 
Bingo: Di-di di-dirt!
Scene: Bingo runs forward and embeds herself in the pile of dirt.  She laughs and steps down, leaving a Bingo-shaped impression in the pile.
Bluey: Di-di di-dirt!
Scene: Bluey runs forward and embeds herself in the side of the pile of dirt.  She laughs and steps aside.
Bluey: You want a go?
Judo: Uh, I'm not sure I can do that without getting dirty.
Scene: Bingo looks down at herself, uniformly coated in dirt.
Bingo: Uh, yeah, me neither.
Bluey: Are you sure you can't get dirty?
Judo: Well, let me go ask my mum something.
Scene: Judo runs off.
Scene: In her kitchen, Wendy is digging at one of the overhead lights in her stove hood with a spoon.
Wendy: Oh, come on.
Scene: She blows her hair out of her eyes.
Wendy: Get in there.
Judo: Mum?
Wendy: Yes, honey.
Scene: She blows her hair out of her eyes again.
Judo: Why is that I can't get dirty again?
Wendy: Because we have such long hair. It just takes so long to clean it. It's just easier not to get it dirty in the first place.
Judo: Yeah. Uh...that makes sense.
Scene: Judo walks away, disappointed.  Wendy blows hair out of her eyes again.
Scene: She returns to the Heelers' front yard.  Bluey and Bingo have their arms full of an assortment of protective gear.
Bluey: Judo, we found a way you can play di-di di-dirt.
Judo: Really?
Scene: The scene cuts to show Judo kitted out in the protective gear.  She's wearing a welding helmet, an apron, rubber dish gloves, shin guards, and gum boots.
Bluey & Bingo: (chanting) Ju-do, Ju-do, Ju-do, Ju-do!
Scene: Judo starts to hobble slowly towards the dirt pile.  The shin guards are so over-large that she can't bend her knees.
Bluey & Bingo: (chanting) Ju-do, Ju-do, Ju-do!
Judo: Di-di di-dirt!
Scene: She slaps into the dirt pile.
Bluey: Uh, you're meant to go a little faster.
Scene: Judo extricates herself and lifts the welding helmet.
Judo: It's a bit hard to run in all this stuff.
Bingo: Well, at least you didn't get dirty.
Judo: Yeah, the suit really works!
Scene: Bandit starts spraying the dirt pile with a hose.
Bandit: Who wants mud?
Bluey & Bingo: Yeah, mud!
Scene: They both jump into the wet part of the dirt pile, laughing.
Bingo: Come in the mud, Judo!
Judo: Uh, I'm not sure this will keep mud out.
Bluey: Oh, yeah, probably not.
Judo: I might just go home.
Scene: Judo takes off her protective suit.
Scene: Wendy looks over her fence.  Judo slowly starts walking back towards her house.
Wendy: Oh, my goodness!
Bandit: Morning, Wendy.  Got some dirt.
Wendy: Yes, I can see.
Bluey: Wendy, can Judo play in the dirt with us?
Wendy: Oh, well, I'm not sure.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo both clasp their hands together.
Bluey & Bingo: Please?
Bandit: Kids, don't pester.
Wendy: No, it's—it's fine. Yes, Judo can play.
Scene: Judo's tail starts to wag.
Judo: What? Really? But you said I can't get dirty.
Wendy: Yes, I did. But... I want you to have fun, sweetie.
Bluey: So, Judo can play in the mud?
Wendy: Well... it's up to Judo.
Bluey: Judo?
Scene: Judo considers for a moment, then slumps and walks back home.
Wendy: I'll be right back.
Scene: Wendy follows her.  Bandit sprays Bingo and Bluey with the hose.
Bingo & Bluey: Aah!
Scene: Judo is sitting sadly on her front steps.  Wendy sits down next to her.
Wendy: Why don't you want to play in the dirt with the girls?
Judo: I just don't want to.
Wendy: Oh, go on! It's important to play and have fun.
Judo: But what about my long, lovely coat? It takes so long to clean.
Wendy: Oh, yes. I said that, didn't I?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo laugh.  Wendy watches as Bandit sprays them with the hose.
Wendy: Oh, fiddlesticks! I'll be right back, sweetheart.
Scene: Wendy walks into the house.  Bluey and Bingo continue to laugh and splash mud everywhere.
Scene: Wendy returns with a towel, scissors, and a hand mirror.  She vocalizes as she lays out the towel on the lawn.
Wendy: ♫ Ooooh, mmmmm, la di dee, da dum dum. ♫
Scene: She gets out the hand mirror, and cuts off her bangs.
Wendy: ♫ Hmmmm--hmm-hmm. ♫
Judo: Aah! Mum, what are you doing?
Wendy: I'm going short.
Scene: Bandit alternates between spraying the kids and the dirt pile with the hose.
Bandit: Dirty, clean.  Dirty, clean.
Scene: The kids laugh.  Bandit notices Wendy.
Bandit: Hey, check it out.  Wendy's gone nuts!
Bluey & Bingo: Whoa!
Scene: In a montage, Wendy clips her fur short, all over her body.  Judo watches, visibly excited.
Wendy: And finished.
Scene: Wendy examines her new look in a the hand mirror.
Judo: And finished. What do you think?
Judo: I love it!
Scene: Judo jumps off the porch and hugs her mum, hard.
Wendy: Ooh!
Scene: Wendy rubs at the fur on her face.
Wendy: Oh, it feels so light!
Judo: Can you do me?
Wendy: Are you sure?
Judo: Yes I'm sure.
Wendy: Okay, let's do it.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo are still waist-deep in the mud pile, making mud pies.  Bandit comes up with a wheelbarrow.
Bandit: Okay. kids, time to scoot.  I've gotta top-dress the lawn now.
Bluey & Bingo: Okay, Dad.
Judo: (offscreen) Di-di di-dirt!
Scene: Judo, with much shorter fur, runs towards them.
Bluey & Bingo: Aah! Bald Judo!
Scene: Judo slams face-first into the pile of dirt.
Bluey & Bingo: Yeah!
Judo: Whoo!
Scene: Judo turns over and makes a mud angel.  Bluey and Bingo slide down the hill.  All three laugh.
Bandit: Eh, I'll do it later.
Scene: Bandit walks away.
Scene: A montage shows the three girls playing in the mud.  All three make mud angels.  Then, Bluey shampoos Judo's hair with mud.  Having shaped a spiral path into the dirt mound, all three run down it.  Judo and Bluey cheer, as Bingo runs up and jumps feet-first into the mud.
Judo: Here I come!
Scene: Judo runs up one side of the dirt mound and slides down the other.
Judo: Whoo!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo slide down after her.
Bluey: Whoo-hoo!
Bingo: Whoo!
Scene: Judo rolls on her side through a patch of mud.  Bluey and Bingo roll after her.
Judo: Whoa-oa-oa-oa-oa!
Scene: Judo slides down the dirt mound again.
Judo: Whoo!
Scene: Bandit watches from the front steps.  Wendy walks through the Heeler's yard.
Wendy: Morning again, Bandit.
Bandit: Morning again, Wendy.
Scene: She takes a seat on the front step, next to him.
Bandit: Ooh, I like the new look.
Wendy: Thanks.
Bandit: What brought that on?
Wendy: Oh, you know...
Judo: Mum, watch this!
Scene: Judo slides down the mud pile again.
Judo: Whoo-hoo!
Wendy: It was time for a change.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The theme for Wendy's haircut plays over the end credits.  Bluey's dancing has been replaced with Wendy's barber scissors and hand mirror.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of the house at dusk.  The scene cuts to the dining room.  Bingo, Bandit, Bluey, and Chilli are eating dinner.  Bluey is loudly chewing with her mouth open.
Bluey: (chewing) Agh! Agh! Glargh!
Scene: Bluey points at Bingo with her fork.
Bluey: (incomprehensible with her mouth full) Bla-bl-bl-blah, bl-bloo!
Bandit: Bluey, don't talk with your mouth full. And sit up straight. Don't slouch, it's bad manners.
Bingo: (with mouth full) Is this bad manners? Blaaaaaaaah.
Scene: Bingo sticks out her tongue, with a wad of chewed food on it.
Bandit: Bingo!
Bingo: (giggles)
Bluey: Mum, why do we have to have manners?
Bandit: Because we're not animals.
Chili: I'm happy as long you eat your veggies.
Bandit: Hey, hey, hey! Elbows off the table, thanks Mum.
Chili: (scoffs) Ha!
Bandit: Can you believe that, kids? Ha!
Bluey and Bingo: (giggles)
Chili: (whispering) Psst, Bluey, take this, it's a magic asparagus.
Bluey: What does it do?
Chili: It turns people into any animal you want!
Bluey: For real life?
Chili: For real life.
Scene: Chilli hands Bluey the asparagus.
Bluey: Ooooh!
Bandit: Don't play with your food! Blu—
Bluey: (pointing the asparagus like a magic wand) Donkey!
Scene: Bandit gets down on his hands and knees.
Bandit: (imitating a donkey) Hee-haw!
Others: (laughter)
Bluey: It worked!
Bandit: Hee-haw! Hee-haw!
Bingo: Do me! Do me!
Bluey: Okay.  Warthog!
Bingo: No, no, I want to be a piglet.
Bluey: Piglet!
Scene: Bingo snorts, then jumps down from the chair and begins to run around the room on all fours.
Bingo: (imitating a pig) Eee! Eee! Whee! Whee!  Whee! Eeee! Eee!
Chilli: Now that's taken care of, I need you to do a little something for me.
Bluey: Chicken!
Scene: Chilli stands up so quickly she knocks over her chair, holding her arms like wings.
Chilli: (imitating a chicken) Ba-kaw!
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called Asparagus.
Scene: Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo enter the kitchen together, still doing their animal impressions.  Bluey runs in after them.
Chilli: (imitating a chicken) Bawk! Bawk-bawk-bawk-bawk!
Bingo: (imitating a piglet) Eee! Eee! Whee! Whee!
Bandit: (imitating a donkey) Hee-haw!  Hee-haw!
Bluey: Elephant!
Scene: Bandit stands up, and holds his arm in front of his face like a trunk.  Bingo runs through his legs and offscreen.
Bandit: (imitating an elephant) Vrooooo!   Vrooooo!
Bluey: I love this!
Scene: Bingo runs through the scene, still imitating a piglet.
Bingo: Eee! Whee! Whee!
Bluey: Here, chook, chook, chook!
Chilli: (approaching with a chicken walk) Bawk-bawk-bawk, braawk!
Bluey: Goat!
Scene: Chilli gets down on hands and knees.  She's drawn with buck teeth and a shorter tail.
Chilli: (imitating a goat) N-e-eh! N-e-eh!
Scene: Chilli walks offscreen, and Bingo runs through the scene again
Bluey: Now, be free, my animal friends.  No more rules for anyone.
Scene: Bingo runs through the scene again, and this time there's a crashing noise from offscreen.  The camera pans over to show Bingo digging through a cupboard.  Potato chips and a can of beans are spilled on the floor.
Bluey: Aaah!  Pig Bingo, you're making a mess!
Scene: Bluey grabs Bingo by the waist and drags her out of the cupboard.  Bingo struggles as Bluey tries to hold her down.
Bluey: Come here you wriggly little—
Scene: Bandit enters from offscreen and picks Bluey up with his trunk.  Bingo immediately dives back into the cupboard.
Bandit: Vroooo!
Bluey: Aaaaaah! Put me down!  Aaah!  Meerkat!
Scene: Bandit stands up on his tiptoes, arms held in front of him.
Bandit: (imitating a meerkat) Um-dum-dum! Hey! Hey!
Bluey: You can't just grab people and swing them around!
Scene: Bandit scampers to the fridge on all fours, then stands up to look around.
Bandit: Hey, hey!
Scene: Back on all fours, Bandit scampers out of the room.
Bluey: (laughs)
Scene: A dog toy squeaks from offscreen.  The camera pans, and shows Chilli leaning on the kitchen counter, nibbling on Polly Puppy.
Bluey: Polly Puppy!  Mouse!
Scene: Chilli gets down on all fours and makes herself as small as she can.
Chilli: (imitating a mouse) Squeeeeak!
Bluey: You can't chew people's toys!
Scene: Chilli scratches her ear.
Bluey: It's not nice!
Chilli: Squeak! Squeak!
Scene: Bingo runs into the scene again, with an open bag of chips in her mouth.
Bingo: Eee!
Bluey: Penguin!
Scene: Bingo drops the chips, stands up straight with her arms at her sides and begins to waddle around.
Bingo: (imitating a penguin) De-de-de-de, de-de-de!
Bluey: (groans) This is hard work.
Scene: Bandit pops up from behind the kitchen counter.
Bandit: Um-dum-dum!
Scene: The scene changes to the playroom.  Bluey herds Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo in, still doing their animal impressions.
Bluey: Maybe I'll turn you into slightly calmer animals.  Peacocks!
Scene: Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo stand up, lean forward, and hold their arms behind them.
Chilli, Bandit, and Bingo: (imitating peacocks)  Prrrrr.  Prrrrr.  Prrrr. Rrrrr.
Scene: Bluey sits down on a chair.
Bluey: Ahh.  That's a bit better.
Scene: Bandit snaps open a paper fan held behind him, imitating a peacock's tail.
Bandit: Prrrr-rrrr.  Prrrr.  Prrrr.
Scene: Bandit smugly waves his tail in Chilli and Bingo's faces.  Chilli looks annoyed, Bingo looks confused.
Chilli and Bingo: Prrr.  Prrrr.
Bluey: Hey, mind your manners, Mr. Show-Off!
Scene: Bandit struts, getting closer to Chilli and Bingo, who both look worried now.
Bandit: PRRRRR!  Prrrr!
Scene: Bluey gets up and runs in between them.  She pushes Bandit back a few steps.
Bluey: Okay, you asked for it.  Lions!
Scene: Chilli and Bingo get down on all fours, adopting fierce expressions.
Chilli: (imitating a lion) Roaaaar!
Bingo: (imitating a lion) Rar!
Scene: Bandit jumps backwards a step.
Bandit: (worried)  Prrrr!
Bluey: (laughs)  That will teach you to show off!
Scene: Chilli and Bingo lunge at Bandit, and chase him out into the yard.
Chilli: Roaaaar!
Bingo: Rar! Rar!
Bandit: Prrrrr!
Bluey: Nooooo!  Don't go outside!
Scene: The scene changes to the yard, at the base of the paulownia tree.
Bluey: (panting) Where'd they go!
Bandit: Prrrr!
Scene: The camera pulls back to show Bandit has climbed up onto the lowest branch of the paulownia tree.
Bluey: There you are!  Walrus!
Scene: Bandit falls out of the tree.
Bandit: Aaaaah! Oof!  (groans)
Scene: The camera pulls back to show the whole yard.  Bandit is now laying on his stomach. He blinks one eye and then the other.
Bluey: Now, where are those lions?
Scene: The camera pans to show Pat's yard, which is partially un-mowed.  The un-mowed portion has waist-high grass.  Pat is is singing while hanging shirts on a drying rack.
Pat: (singing) ♫ One Sunday morning as I went walking/By Brisbane waters, I chanced to— ♫
Scene: A twig snaps.
Pat: Oh!  What was that?
Scene: The camera cuts to show Chilli and Bingo, hiding in the tall grass.
Chilli and Bingo: (growling)  Mmmmmmmmm. Graar!
Scene: The camera cuts back to Pat.
Pat: Is that you, Lucky?
Scene: The camera cuts to a wide shot of the yard.  Chilli and Bingo are not visible.  The only sound is crickets chirping.
Pat: Oh, well, I guess it's nothing.
Scene: Chilli and Bingo pounce from the tall grass, tackling Pat around the legs.
Chilli and Bingo: Roaaaar!
Pat: Aaaah!
Scene: The camera cuts back to Bluey and Bandit.  Bandit is now doing a walrus impression, holding himself up on his arms and with two protruding teeth like tusks.  He continues blinking his eyes one at a time.  Bluey is down on all fours, presumably trying to tell him something.
Pat: (continues screaming from offscreen) Janelle!
Scene: Bluey gets up and runs out of frame.
Bandit: (imitating a walrus) Mwoaaaar!
Scene: The camera cuts back to Pat's yard.  Chilli and Bingo are gnawing on Pat's ankles and dragging him into the tall grass.  He's digging his fingers into the ground to stay put but it's not helping.
Pat: Oh, Mrs. Heeler!  Oh, I don't know about this!  Aah!
Scene: Bluey emerges from the tall grass.
Bluey: Parrot!
Scene: Bingo crouches down and folds her arms at her sides like wings.  Chilli continues to chew on Pat's ankle.
Bingo: (imitating a parrot) Squawk!
Bluey: Bunny!
Scene: Chilli crouches down with her arms in front of her.
Chilli: (imitating a rabbit) (clicks her tongue repeatedly)
Bingo: Polly want a cracker?
Scene: Pat crawls to the safety of the drying rack, panting.
Bluey: Get back in the house, you two!
Scene: Bluey herds Bingo and Chilli back towards their yard.
Bluey: Sorry Lucky's Dad!
Pat: No worries Bluey.  (sounding ashamed) I shouldn't have let my guard down.
Scene: The scene changes back to the playroom.  Bluey herds Chilli, Bingo, and Bandit into the room.
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: Get in here, you lot!
Chilli: (clicks her tongue repeatedly)
Bingo: Squawk!
Bluey: That's it!  You animals need to learn some manners.
Scene: Bandit butts his head into Bluey's shoulder.
Bandit: Rohh!
Bluey: Aah!  Daddy Walrus!  No doing that thing!
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: First manners is...
Bingo: Polly want a cracker.
Bluey: (pointing at Bingo) Oh!  First is, don't speak when someone's speaking!
Bingo: (sadly) Squawk.
Bluey: Second manners is...
Chilli: (clicks her tongue)
Scene: Chilli wanders off, hopping like a bunny.
Bluey: Hey!  Worm!
Scene: Chilli stretches out and starts writhing from side to side.
Chilli: (imitating a worm)  Eee!  Mmmmmn!  Mmmmn!
Bluey: No running away from manners lessons!  Now, third one is...  don't eat the next-door neighbors.  That's a really important one.  Hey, where's Daddy Walrus?
Scene: Bandit is missing.  Bluey gasps, and Bandit grunts from offscreen.  The camera cuts to the corner of the playroom, where Bandit is squatting on the rug in in front of a dollhouse, a look of intense concentration on his face.
Bluey: Nooooo!
Scene: Bluey puts her hands on her face as she screams, causing her to toss the asparagus, which lands by Bingo.  Bluey runs out of frame towards Bandit.
Bingo: (looking at the asparagus) Squawk!
Scene: The scene cuts back to Bandit and Bluey in the corner.  Bandit is squinting with effort.  Bluey runs in between him and the dollhouse, and pushes him away.
Bandit: (grunts)
Bluey: Fourth manners is—
Bandit: Mwoaaar!
Bluey: don't go to the toilet on the rug!
Scene: Bluey pushes him back to the others.  Bingo is chewing on the asparagus.
Bluey: (groans with effort) You big grub!
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: This is hopeless.  I'm gonna turn you all back into dogs.  Where's my asparagus?
Bingo: (indistinctly) Polly want a cracker!
Scene: Bingo swallows the asparagus whole.
Bluey: Noooooooo!
Scene: Bluey runs over to Bingo, and pries her jaws open as far as she can.
Bingo: Daaaaah.
Scene: Bluey lets Bingo close her mouth.
Bluey: Oh, no!  You're stuck like this forever!
Scene: Bandit headbutts Bluey in the shoulder again.
Bandit: Mwoaaar!
Bingo: Squawk!  Polly want more asparagus!
Bluey: Wait!  I've got an idea!
Scene: The scene cuts to a close-up of Bingo, still imitating a parrot, seated at the dinner table.
Bingo: Squawk!
Scene: The camera cuts back to reveal Bandit, slumped over and barely on his chair, with Bluey supporting most of his weight.  Chilli is sitting upright in her chair, but only because she's been tied in place with a jump rope.
Bandit: Mwoaaar!
Bluey: Okay, Bird Bingo, you've eaten the magic asparagus.  Too late to change that.  But I think if you say doggie, everyone will turn back to doggies.
Bingo: Squawk!
Bluey: Can you say Polly want a doggie?  Pretty please?
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Chilli: Mmmmn!
Bingo: Polly want a cracker!
Bluey: Ugh! No, Polly want a doggie!
Scene: Bandit slaps Bluey with his flipper.
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Bluey: Aaah!  Hands to yourself, Daddy Walrus!  Come on, Bird Bingo!  Polly want a doggie!
Bandit: Mwoaaaar!
Scene: Bluey manages to push Bandit upright in his chair.
Bluey: Oof!
Scene: Bandit, balanced precariously, teeters for a moment.
Bandit: Mwoar!
Scene: Bandit overbalances and falls out of his chair.
Bluey: Ugh!
Bingo: Squawk!
Scene: Bluey runs over and starts trying to lift Bandit into his chair again.
Bluey: Urgh!  Come on, Bird Bingo!  It's hard to get a walrus...
Scene: Bluey gets Bandit back into his chair.
Bluey: ...to sit at the dinner table!
Bingo: Polly want a... d... d...
Bluey: Yeah, yeah!
Bingo: Dinosaur!
Scene: Bandit and Chilli hold their arms in front of their chests like a T-Rex and snarl.  Chilli is still tied to her chair.
Bandit and Chilli: (imitating a dinosaur) Roaaar! Roaaar!
Bluey: Aah!  Bingo, no!  Doggie, doggie!
Scene: Bluey shakes Bingo for a second, before Bandit picks Bluey up and pretends to chomp on her stomach.
Bandit: Roaaar!
Bluey: Aaah!  No eating your manners teacher!
Bandit: (still chomping) Raar! Raar!
Bluey: (screams)
Bingo: Polly want a...
Bluey: Help!
Bingo: Polly want a... doggie!
Scene: With a jerk, Bandit and Chilli return to normal.
Chilli: Huh?
Bluey: Hooray!  You did it, Bird Bingo!
Bingo: Squawk!
Bandit: What's going on?
Bluey: Uh...
Chilli: (untying herself) Oh, uh...  We're just eating dinner.  Remember?
Bandit: Ah,  yeah — dinner.  Okay, well, make sure you—
Scene: Bluey eats her last two pieces of broccoli in one bite.
Bluey: (formally) I've finished my vegetables, Father.  I shall now excuse myself to go tidy the kitchen.
Scene: Bluey pushes in her chair and clears away her dishes.  She winks at Chilli on the way past, and Chilli winks back.
Bluey: Pip, pip!
Bandit: Well.  That's more like it.
Bingo: (still imitating a parrot) Squawk! Bawk, bawk, bawk!
Scene: Bingo pecks at her food, causing the plate to rattle loudly.
Bandit: Bingo, for the last time, use a knife and—
Bingo: Chicken!
Scene: Bandit stands bolt upright and holds his arms like wings.
Bandit: (imitating a chicken): Ba-kaw!
Scene: [End credits]
<|endoftext|>
Scene: [Theme Song]
Scene: The episode begins in the backyard of the Heeler's family house. Bandit is hanging a fabric swing on a branch and Bluey is playing with a slap wrap.
Bingo: Make sure it's nice and high off the ground.
Bandit: Yes, boss.
Scene: Bluey snaps the wrap on Bandit's tail.
Bluey: Snap!
Bandit: Ow! Bluey! That's not making this any easier.
Scene: Judo peeks over the hedge.
Judo: What are you doing, Bluey's Dad?
Bluey: Hey, Judo.
Bandit: Just putting up a swing.
Bluey: Yeah, it's a fabric swing.
Bingo: Yeah, they have them at Bluey's school.
Judo: I know that. Bluey's my friend.
Scene: Bandit finishes putting up the swing.
Bandit: All right, have fun, squids. [He walks off the bench and takes the laundry basket.] I've gotta take the washing in.
Scene: Bluey excitingly jumps into the swing, giggling in the process.
Bluey: Let's play butterflies!
Bingo & Judo: Yeah!
Bingo [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Butterflies.
Scene: The scene transitions to Bluey crawling like a caterpillar.
Bluey: Okay, first, the caterpillar crawls along the ground, [She gets in the swing] then it gets in the cocoon. [She then jumps out of the swing, waving her arms like a butterfly] Then it hatches as a butterfly. But the butterfly catchers have been hiding and catch it.
Bingo: Ooh, can I be the caterpillar first?
Judo: I'm going first.
Bluey: Come on, Bingo. We'll be the butterfly catchers.
Scene: Bluey & Bingo run to hide behind the shed, while Judo lies down on the ground and begins crawling.
Bingo: Judo is so bossy.
Bluey: Yeah, she is, but she doesn't have anyone else to play with.
Scene: Bingo notices a ladybug walking on the wall of the shed.
Bingo: Ooh!
Scene: The scene cuts to a more detailed close-up of Bingo.
Bingo: ♪ Poor little bug on the wall ♪
Scene: ♪ Ding, jing ♪
Scene: ♪ No one to love him at all ♪
Scene: ♪ Ding, jing ♪
Scene: ♪ No one to tickle his toes ♪
Scene: ♪ Ding, jing ♪
Scene: ♪ No one to blow his nose ♪
Scene: Bluey & Bingo stick out their tongues and blow hard making a farting noise. They both then laugh.
Bluey: She's coming out!
Scene: Judo jumps out of the swing, waving her arms like a butterfly.
Bluey: Catch her!
Scene: Judo tries to run away, but Bluey & Bingo catch her. Bingo then lies down on the ground.
Bingo: My turn.
Judo: You're too small to be a caterpillar.
Bingo: No, I'm not!
Bluey: Go on, Bingo. We'll be the butterfly catchers.
Scene: Bluey then runs towards the shed. Judo gives Bingo an angry look before catching up with Bluey. After that, Bingo starts crawling. She then gets in the swing, struggling a bit in the process.
Judo: [Sigh] Little kids take so long to do everything!
Bluey: She's only got little legs.
Scene: Bingo finally gets inside the swing.
Bingo: ♪ Poor little bug on the wall ♪
Scene: ♪ Ding, jing ♪
Scene: ♪ No one to love him at all ♪
Scene: ♪ Ding, jing ♪
Scene: The scene changes to Bluey and Judo standing behind the shed.
Bluey: Hurry up, Bingo.
Judo: Hey, Bluey.
Bluey: Yeah?
Judo: Let's run away from Bingo.
Bluey: What? Why?
Judo: She's taking ages!
Bluey: Well, uh... [She looks towards the swing.]
Judo: Come on!
Bluey: Wait for me!
Scene: Bingo finishes the song.
Bingo: Okay! I think I'm almost ready to be a butterfly now!
Scene: Bingo jumps out of the swing, again, waving her arms.
Bingo: Ooh! Look at me. I'm a butterfly!
Bingo: I'm flapping around. I hope there's no butterfly catchers nearby!
Scene: She takes a look behind the shed, only to find out Bluey & Judo are not there.
Bingo: Oh, where are they?
Scene: Bingo goes to looks for them both, still waving her arms. She walks by Bandit who is hanging laundry and still has the slap band on his tail. She then sees Bluey and Judo playing Pat-a-cake.
Bingo: Bluey! You were meant to catch me.
Judo: Aaaaah! Quick, Bluey, run away!
Scene: Judo then runs away. Meanwhile, Bluey is put in an uncomfortable situation and has to act fast. She turns around to follow Judo, while a look of regret appears on her face.
Bluey: Quick! We can hide in my house!
Scene: Bingo tears up and returns to the swing. Meanwhile, Bluey & Judo emerge from a bush.
Judo: I think we lost her.
Bluey: Uh, I might go and see if Bingo's all right.
Judo: She'll be fine. Now, let's play phones. [Judo types something on a imaginary phone.]
Bluey: Phones?
Judo: Ring, ring. Ring, ring!
Bluey: [Looking at her hands confused]I just think that Bingo might like-
Judo: [Interrupting] Ring, ring!!!
Bluey: Aaah! [Picks up the imaginary phone] Hello?
Judo: Hi. It's me, Judo. I've had such a nice day. Let me tell you all about it.
Bluey: Okay...
Judo: [Walking away] First, I bought some lovely new plants...
Bluey: Oh, is that right?
Scene: The scene cuts to Bingo sitting in the swing sad, singing the song. Then the scene cuts back to the front of Judo's house. Bluey is sitting on the lawn. She appears bored.
Judo: So, then I went to the bakery to get some cream buns for Casper, but they ran out of cream buns. Could you believe it?
Bluey: [Looking towards her house] Judo, I think I need to find Bingo.
Judo: So then I asked for chocolate éclairs...
Bluey: Judo-
Judo: ...but they were out of them, too! I mean, come on. I just don't know what the world's coming to.
Bluey: Okay, then. I'm going now. Bye. [Hangs up the imaginary phone.]
Scene: [Bluey gets up and quickly runs to her house.]
Bluey: Bingo! Bingo, where are you?
Scene: Bluey then runs past Bandit, who was still hanging the laundry. Bluey decides to look for her in the laundry basket, throwing out some of the laundry out.
Bandit: Hey!
Scene: Bluey then approaches the swing where Bingo sits.
Bluey: I'm sorry, Bingo, I didn't mean to run away from you. Well... she didn't make me do it. I did it a bit myself. I'll never do it again, Bingo. I promise. Please can we play together?
Scene: Bingo doesn't answer. Bluey starts to tear up and sits down on the lawn next to the swing.
Bluey: ♪ Poor little bug on the wall ♪
Scene: ♪ Ding, jing ♪
Scene: ♪ No one to love her at all ♪
Bingo: ♪ Jing, jing ♪
Bluey: [Turning around to Bingo] ♪ No one to tickle his toes ♪
Bingo: [Sticking her head out of the swing] ♪ Jing, jing ♪
Scene: Bingo then offers a hug to Bluey, which she accepts.
Judo: [Off-screen] Ring, ring!
Bluey: Oh, no! It's Judo on the phone! Tell her I'm not here!
Bingo: No! Quick, hide!
Scene: Judo walks by Bandit, who was picking up the laundry basket. As she walks by, she makes the Ring, ring! sound, which scares Bandit, causing him to drop the basket. Next she walks by the swing.
Judo: Ring, ring! Bluey! Where are you?
Scene: The scene changes to Bluey & Bingo hiding inside the swing.
Bingo: Put your phone on silent!
Bluey: Oh, yeah. Good idea. [Puts the phone on silent, vibrating her hand.] Thanks, Bingo.
Scene: Judo then suddenly peeks inside the swing, which scares both Bluey and Bingo.
Judo: There you are! You ran away from me.
Bingo: [Sticks her head out of the swing] Well, you ran away from me!
Bluey: [Also sticks her head out of the swing] And you were ignoring me.
Judo: Oh, yeah. I did...
Bluey: [Gets out of the swing] Okay, new rule. From now on, no one runs away from anyone, okay?
Judo: Okay.
Bingo: Okay.
Bluey: Sorry, Judo.
Judo: That's okay. I'm sorry, too, Bingo.
Bingo: That's okay. Just don't do it again.
Scene: The three girls then hug each other, giggling.
Bluey: All right, Bingo, you can be the butterfly.
Bingo: Actually, I wanna be the catcher.
Bluey: Me too.
Judo: Me too.
Bluey: Oh, but who will we catch, then?
Bandit: ♪ I'm gonna put these
Scene: clean clothes away, unh ♪
Scene: ♪ Put these clean
Scene: clothes away, unh ♪
Scene: ♪ Put these clean clothes away,
Scene: I'm gonna --♪
Scene: His singing gets interrupted because the three girls jumped on him.
Scene: [Episode ends]
<|endoftext|>
Scene: Bingo runs along the edge of a swimming pool in a tropical resort. She holds a yellow flowered swim cap in one hand.
Bingo: I don't need floaties 'cause I learned to swim!
Scene: She approaches Chilli and Bandit, reclining on lounge chairs under a fancy umbrella. Chilli is reading a Bali guidebook.
Bandit: Bingo, walking. Walking!
Scene: Bingo slows to a stop.
Bingo: Sorry.
Bandit: Running's a bit dangerous by the pool, mate.
Scene: Bluey runs up behind Bingo, carrying a watermelon-pattern swim cap and crab goggles.
Bluey: Let's play swim school!
Bingo: Dad, Bluey's running by the pool.
Bandit: Bingo, don't be a dobber.
Scene: Chilli gets a squirt of sunscreen and starts applying it to Bingo's face and arms.
Bingo: What?! But you said running by the pool is dangerous.
Bandit: Well, yeah. It is.
Scene: Chilli moves on to apply sunscreen to Bluey.
Bingo: So, what if Bluey's doing something dangerous? Should I dob then?
Scene: Chilli, finished applying sunscreen to the kids, sits back down in the lounge chair and starts reading her guidebook again.
Bandit: Well, yeah but, um... Chilli?
Scene: Chilli doesn't look up from her book.
Chilli: (indicating I dunno) Mn-hmm-n.
Bandit: Uh, gotta go!
Scene: Bandit rolls off the side of his lounge chair into the pool.
Bingo: [voiceover] This episode of Bluey is called: Swim School.
Scene: Bluey, Bingo, and Bandit are swimming in the pool. Bingo hands Bluey the yellow swim cap.
Bluey: So there's two classes: Little Fish and Big Fish.
Scene: Chilli swims up and hangs on Bandit's back.
Chilli: Can I play?
Bluey, Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: You have to pass Little Fish before you can go to Big Fish. Got it?
Bingo, Bandit, Chilli: Got it!
Bluey: Okay, children, time to meet your teacher.
Scene: Bluey ducks underwater. She surfaces a moment later, wearing the yellow flowered swim cap.
Bluey: (poshly) Hello, darlings. I'm Karen.
Bingo, Bandit, Chilli: Hi, Karen.
Bluey: (normally) Oh, and you're all brothers and sisters.
Scene: Bandit and Chilli recoil from each other.
Bandit, Chilli: Bleagh!
Bluey: Let's do kicking.
Scene: A moment later, Bingo, Chilli, and Bandit are hanging on to the side of the pool, practicing kicking. Bluey stands on the side of the pool.
Bluey: Good kicking, Bingo.
Scene: She pats Bingo's head.
Bingo: No, no, my name's Meriffyndor.
Bluey: Good kicking, Meriffyndor.
Scene: She pats Meriffyndor's head. The camera pans over, showing Bandit making slow, splashy kicks.
Bandit: ♫ Doot, da doot, da doot, da daa... ♫
Scene: Chilli raises her hand.
Scene: Karen, Bevan isn't doing it properly.
Scene: Bandit stops kicking.
Bandit: Bevan?!
Bluey: Is Bevan doing anything dangerous?
Chilli: Well, no.
Scene: Bluey pats Chilli on the head.
Bluey: Then don't be a dobber, sweetie.
Chilli: (chastened) Sorry, Karen.
Bluey: That's okay.
Scene: Bandit resumes his slow kicks.
Bandit: ♫ Doot, da doot, da doot, da daa... ♫
Scene: Bingo dives underwater and pokes Bandit's stomach.
Bandit: Ooh!
Scene: Bingo surfaces, giggling. She resumes doing her kicks.
Bandit: Karen, Meriffyndor just poked me.
Bluey: Hands to yourself, please, young lady.
Bingo: Yes, Karen.
Chilli: Hang on, shouldn't Bevan get in trouble for dobbing like I did?
Bluey: Oh yes. Bevan, no dobbing.
Bandit: Well, shouldn't Sharon get in trouble for dobbing on me about dobbing on Meriffyndor?
Bluey: Oh yes. Bad, Sharon. No dobbing.
Chilli: But I—ooh!
Scene: Bingo surfaces again, giggling.
Bluey: Okay, class, two new rules. First, no more poking.
Bingo: Aw.
Bluey: And, second, no more dobbing.
Chilli: Unless someone's in danger.
Bluey: Unless that.
Bluey: (sweetly) You are a family.
Bandit: You're right, Karen. Let's work together, brothers and sisters.
Chilli, Bingo: Yeah!
Bluey: (poshly) Doggy paddle!
Scene: A moment later, the swim class is doggy-paddling across the pool.
Chilli: You're doing well, brother.
Bandit: Thanks, sister.
Bingo: How am I doing?
Bandit: Great, little sis. Keep going.
Scene: Bluey watches, sitting on the edge of the pool. She has a fancy drink in a coconut.
Bluey: (poshly) Very good, poppets. Oh, you make Karen so proud.
Scene: A moment later, the class pulls themselves along the edge of the pool with their hands.
Bluey: Excellent monkeying. Oh, you'll be big fish in no time.
Scene: Bingo loses her grip.
Bingo: Aah!
Scene: She submerges.
Scene: A moment later, the class has gathered on the edge of the pool.
Bluey: (poshly) This is your final lesson.
Bluey: (aggressively) Ninja kicks. Hi-ya!
Scene: She performs a side kick, jumping into the pool.
Bluey, Chilli, and Bingo: Oh, wow.
Scene: Bluey surfaces.
Bluey: Tada!
Scene: Bandit, Chilli, and Bingo applaud politely.
Bluey: Off you go.
Bingo: Hi-yaa!
Scene: Bingo jumps in.
Chilli: Ya!
Scene: Chilli jumps in.
Bandit: Hi-ya!
Scene: Bandit jumps in. They all surface next to Bluey.
Bluey: Well done, poppets. You all get to move up to Big Fish.
Bandit, Chilli, Bingo: Hooray!
Bingo: And no one dobbed on anyone.
Bluey: Good luck.
Scene: Bluey doggy-paddles away.
Chilli: Wait, are you not our teacher for Big Fish?
Scene: Bluey has reached the edge of the pool, and picks up the watermelon swim cap and crab goggles.
Bluey: Oh, no, Margaret takes Big Fish. Goodbye.
Scene: Bluey ducks under water.
Bandit: I have a feeling we're not gonna like Margaret.
Scene: Bluey pops up behind them, wearing the watermelon swim cap and crab goggles, which are full of water.
Bluey: (shrilly) Surprise!
Bandit, Chilli, Bingo: Aah!
Bluey: (shrilly) Welcome to Big Fish. I'm Margaret...
Scene: She lifts her goggles, letting the water out.
Bluey: ...your teacher.
Bandit, Chilli, Bingo: Hello, Margaret.
Bluey: (shrilly) Now, I'm not as nice as Karen.
Bandit: ...I knew it.
Bluey: (shrilly) If anyone steps out of line in my class, you'll get one 'a these.
Scene: She sucks up a mouthful of water and spits it in Bandit's face.
Bandit: Bleh! Blech!
Bluey: (shrilly) That's called a squirty.
Bandit: Why did you demonstrate on me?
Chilli: Don't worry about us, Margaret. Karen taught us to work as a family and never to dob...
Chilli: (quickly) ...unless it's about something dangerous.
Bluey: (shrilly) Oh yes, Karen doesn't like dobbing, does she?
Bingo: No.
Bluey: (shrilly) Well, I do.
Bandit, Chilli, Bingo: Huh?
Bluey: (shrilly) In fact, if you don't dob, you won't pass.
Bingo: But I thought dobbing was bad.
Chilli: (quickly) Unless you're doing something dangerous.
Bluey: (shrilly) No! dobbing is good.
Chilli: Well, we're going to pass Big Fish without dobbing.
Bluey: (shrilly) Big Fish is pretty hard.
Bingo: We don't care how hard it is.
Bandit: Yeah, Marge, what do you think about that?
Scene: Bluey spits water in Bandit's face.
Bluey: Bleh!
Scene: Bluey claps for emphasis.
Bluey: (even shriller) It's Margaret!
Scene: Later, Chilli, and Bingo watch Bandit do the backstroke. Bluey watches from the edge of the pool.
Chilli: Great backstroke, Bevan.
Bandit: Thanks, sis.
Scene: As he passes, Bluey hops onto Bandit's stomach.
Bluey: Whoop!
Scene: She crosses her legs primly.
Bandit: Whoa, what are you doing?
Bluey: (shrilly) I'm a bag of coconuts.
Bandit: (straining) Why would I—
Scene: Bandit coughs on a mouthful of water.
Bandit: (straining) —backstroke with a bag coconuts?
Bluey: (shrilly) You might be shipwrecked on an island.
Bandit: Waah—
Scene: Bandit sinks.
Bluey: (shrilly) Fail.
Scene: Later, Bandit and Bingo watch Chilli, hanging on the side of the pool. Bluey is in the water next to her.
Bluey: (shrilly) Okay, swim to the other side.
Bingo, Bandit: Go, Sharon!
Scene: Chilli starts to swim with the front crawl. Bluey gets on her back.
Bluey: (shrilly) I'll just tag along.
Chilli: What? Ulb, blub.
Scene: Chilli sinks.
Bluey: (shrilly) Fail.
Bingo, Bandit: What?!
Scene: Later, Bingo is floating on her back, arms outstretched.
Bandit: Great starfish, Meriffyndor.
Bluey: (shrilly) Here comes a cyclone.
Scene: She blows on the top of Bingo's head. Bingo laughs and flails her arms, and promptly sinks.
Bluey: (shrilly) Another fail.
Chilli: (gruffly) Family meeting.
Scene: Bingo, Chilli, and Bandit huddle up. To give them privacy, Bluey turns upside down, with her legs out of the water, and spins around.
Chilli: Big Fish is impossible.
Bandit: Yeah, I don't know about this Margaret character.
Bingo: She's a silly old... watermelon head.
Chilli: Yeah.
Bandit: I want Karen back.
Chilli: What if, we just refuse to do what she says?
Scene: Bingo ducks underwater.
Bandit: Yeah! If we stick together, what's she gonna do? What do you reckon, Meriffyndor? Meriffyndor?
Scene: Cut to Bingo, dobbing to Bluey.
Bingo: And then they said they weren't going to do anything you say, and that they want Karen back.
Scene: Bluey pats Bingo's head.
Bluey: (shrilly) Excellent dobbing, sweetheart.
Scene: Bluey spits water in Chilli and Bandit's faces.
Chilli: Ugh!
Bandit: Bleh!
Bluey: (shrilly) That's for being cheeky.
Bandit: Meriffyndor! Did you dob on us?
Scene: Bingo laughs.
Bingo: It's allowed.
Bluey: (shrilly) It sure is. You just passed Big Fish.
Chilli, Bandit: What?!
Scene: Chilli points at Bingo.
Chilli: Okay, well, she called you a silly old watermelon head.
Bluey: You what?! You fail, too.
Scene: She spits water in Bingo's face.
Bingo: Uagh.
Scene: Bingo giggles. Bluey pushes her over by Bandit. Chilli comes to join her instead.
Bluey: (shrilly) Sharon, come here. You pass Big Fish instead.
Bandit: But, uh, uh, Sharon peeked in Marco Polo.
Bluey: (shrilly) What?!
Chilli: I did not.
Scene: Bluey spits water in Chilli's face.
Chilli: Bleh!
Bluey: (shrilly) Fail.
Scene: Chilli goes over to Bingo. Bandit goes over by Bluey.
Bandit: Ah, I'll just saunter over here, then.
Chilli: Well, Bevan, uh, um...
Bluey: I'll just get ready for a squirty.
Scene: She takes a mouthful of water.
Chilli: Um...
Bandit: Go on. You got nothin' on me, Sharon.
Chilli: He... he... he peed in the pool!
Scene: Bluey spits out her mouthful of water. Bluey, Chilli, and Bingo all shriek and look at the pool water, horrified. They quickly climb out. Bandit shrugs.
Bandit: It's a victimless crime.
Bluey: (shrilly) You two pass Big Fish.
Chili, Bingo: Yes!
Bluey: (shrilly) You fail, you big grub.
Bandit: Aw.
Scene: After a moment, Bingo's face falls.
Bingo: Margaret, I don't like dobbing on my family. If Bevan fails Big Fish, then I want to fail, too.
Scene: She does a side kick, rejoining Bandit in the pool.
Bingo: Hiya!
Scene: She surfaces next to Bandit, who pulls her close in a side hug.
Chilli: I'm with Meriffyndor. Ya!
Scene: She jumps into the pool with a side kick. Bingo giggles. Chilli surfaces next to them, and they both hug Bingo.
Chilli, Bandit: Good one, sis.
Bluey: (shrilly) Well, fine. You all fail.
Scene: Bluey does a cannonball dive into the pool.
Bandit: Thanks, Meriffyndor.
Bingo: You're welcome, Bevan.
Scene: Bluey resurfaces, wearing the yellow flower swim cap.
Bluey: Surprise.
Bandit, Bingo, Chilli: Aah! Karen!
Bluey: Welcome back to Little Fish.
Scene: They all come together for a group hug.
All: Aww.
Bluey: I'm so proud of you all.
Bingo: Why is the water warmer here?
Chilli: Ugh, Bevan!
Scene: The girls scatter. Bandit smiles sheepishly.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The episode music, a cheerful string waltz, plays as Bluey dances during the credits.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with an establishing shot of a hotel.  The Heelers drive up in their car.  The kids are singing.
Bluey, Bingo: ♫ Two little men in a flying saucer ♫
Scene: The scene changes to the entrance of the parking garage.  The barrier is down.  Bandit leans out the driver's side with a key-fob, straining to get it in range of a scanner.
Bluey, Bingo: ♫ Flew down to Earth one day ♫
Bandit: (grunting)  Ergh! Aargh!
Scene: The scene changes to the interior of the parking garage.  The Heelers pull into a space and exit the car.
Bluey, Bingo: ♫ They looked left and right, but they didn't like— ♫
Bandit: Alright, dingle berries, let the holiday begin.
Bluey, Bingo: Yeah, holiday!
Scene: Chilli starts unpacking the boot.
Chilli: Let's get all this stuff up to the unit and head straight to the beach.  I wanna start relaxing.
Bluey, Bingo, Bandit: Yeah!
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called Relax.
Scene: The scene changes to the parking lot lift.  Chilli is repeatedly pressing the call button.
Chilli: C'mon, lift, we haven't got all day.
Bingo: Yes, we do.
Scene: The lift dings and the doors open.  The scene changes to the interior of the lift.  Bingo, Chilli, and Bluey enter.  Chilli's arms are full of luggage, an umbrella, and a book.
Bingo: Ooh, swingy bar!
Scene: Bingo jumps up and hangs from the hand rail.
Bluey: Buttons!
Chilli: Careful, Bingo.
Bluey: Which button do I press?
Chilli: Five.
Scene: Bluey presses four.
Chilli: No, that's four.
Scene: Bluey presses six.
Chilli: No, that's six. Down one.
Scene: Bluey presses seven.
Chilli: No, that's seven. Down.
Scene: Bluey presses four.
Chilli: That's four again.  Up one.
Scene: Bluey presses five.
Chilli: Yep, that's it.
Bluey: Whoo!
Scene: Bandit enters the lift with a trolley full of luggage.
Chilli: Oh, duck cake. I didn't bring the aftersun.
Bandit: Hey, relax. We can buy some here. Come on, we're on holiday.
Bluey and Bingo: Yeah, holiday!
Chilli: I'll relax when I'm on the beach, reading my book.
Scene: Bingo climbs up and puts her arms over the railing, so she can look in the mirror at the back of the elevator.
Bluey: What's your book about?
Chilli: It's about how to be happy.
Bingo: That's easy, you just do this.
Scene: Bingo smiles hugely into the mirror.
Bingo: Geeee!
Scene: Chilli, Bluey, and Bandit laugh.
Scene: The scene changes to the entrance of the hotel suite.  The door handle jiggles.
Chilli: (grunting offscreen)  Grrr.  Unh!  Ooh!
Scene: The door bursts open, and Bluey and Bingo run in past Chilli.  Bingo pauses in the entrance, Bluey runs past the camera and off screen.
Bluey: Which one's our room?!
Bingo: Ooh, tiles!
Scene: Bingo runs further into the suite, off screen.  Chilli sets her luggage down just inside the entrance.
Chilli: Dump your stuff, sunscreen up, and let's hit the beach.
Scene: The scene changes to the girls' bedroom.  Bluey runs in, panting.
Bluey: Ah! Bingo!
Scene: Bingo enters.
Bingo: What is it? (gasps)
The camera moves, showing what they're looking at: bunk beds.
Bluey: Bunk beds!
Scene: Bingo falls to her knees.
Bingo: BUNK BEDS!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo talk over each other.
Bingo: Can I have the top?!
Bluey: You can have the top, if you like.
Bingo: Thanks!
Scene: Bingo climbs the ladder, and Bluey climbs onto the lower bunk.  The camera changes to show just the lower bunk.
Bluey: Ooh, look, a present!
Scene: Bluey picks up something round from her pillow.  Bingo climbs back down a few rungs to see.
Bingo: What?
Bluey: I think it's soap.  Have you got one?
Bingo: I'll see.
Scene: Bingo climbs up.  The camera moves to the top bunk.  Bingo does find a bar of soap on her pillow.
Bingo: Yes!  (gasp)
Scene: Bingo points offscreen.
Bingo: Bluey, we've got cupboards!
Scene: Bluey squeals and drops her soap.  They both run into the closet, giggling.
Bluey: Coat hangers!
Bingo: Are they all ours?
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: Wooow!
Scene: They both start jumping, trying to reach the coat hangers.
Bluey: Here, wait, I'll stand on this.
Scene: Bluey climbs up on the safe and grabs a hanger.
Bingo: What is that?
Bluey: I dunno.
Bingo: Let's pretend it's an oven.
Bluey: Okay, and we can be mermaids.
Scene: The scene changes to the lower bunk.  Bluey has wrapped a towel around her waist in imitation of a mermaid tail.  She hums as she adjusts some coat hangers, which she has hung from the slats of the upper bunk.
Bluey: (hums)  Mermaid water, may I have a pie, please?
Scene: The scene changes to show the rest of the room.  Bingo is standing by the safe, also wearing a towel as a tail.
Bingo: Oh, yes. I'll just cook it.
Scene: Bingo slides one of the bars of soap into the safe, using a hanger as a peel.  She closes the safe and presses a button.
Bingo: (imitating oven) Boop-boop.  It will be ready soon, Mermaid.
Bluey: (singing) ♫ Thank you! ♫
Scene: Chilli enters, carrying a bag and sun hat.
Chilli: Ready, girls?
Scene: Bingo opens the oven, and uses her hanger-peel to remove the soap.
Bingo: (imitating oven) Ding!  Ready!
Chilli: No, I mean, are you ready to go down to the beach?  Have you sunscreened?
Bingo: Oh.  No.
Chilli: Uggh.  Come on, the sunscreen's in the bathroom. Let's go.
Bluey and Bingo: Okay, mum.
Chilli: I want to start relaxing.
Scene: The scene changes to a bathroom.  Bluey and Bingo run in.
Bingo: Bathtub!
Bluey: Whoa, Bingo, what's this?
Scene: Bluey and Bingo approach the toilet.  It has a paper band on it from housekeeping.
Bingo: I don't know.
Bluey: The toilet's got a ribbon?
Bingo: Maybe it won a prize.
Bluey: Yeah, the best toilet in the world.
Scene: Bingo pats the toilet seat.
Bingo: Our congratulations, your ribbon.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo clap.  Bluey raises the toilet seat, snapping the paper band.  They both giggle.
Bingo: Ooh! I want to rip one.
Bluey: Hm, can't see another one. Let's see if there's another toilet!
Chilli: Alright, how are we—
Bingo: YAAAAH!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run out of the bathroom.
Chilli: Whoop! Hey!
Scene: The scene changes to the master bedroom.  The hallway is visible from one door, and another bathroom through the other.  Bluey runs past in the hallway.
Bluey: Ooh, hang on!
Scene: Bluey runs back, crashing into Bingo.  They both squeal and laugh.
Bluey: In here.
Bingo: (giggles)
Scene: The scene changes to the master bathroom.  It has another toilet with a paper band on it.
Scene: Bingo It's got one.
Scene: Bingo lifts the toilet lid, breaking the band.  They both giggle.
Bingo: Congratulations, toilet.
Bluey: Bingo, look!
Scene: The camera pulls back to show a large corner tub with a spray wand and water jets.
Bingo: Whoa!  BATHTUB!
Scene: They both clamber into the tub.
Bluey: It's a triangle!
Scene: Bingo slips off the side of the tub and slides across the bottom.
Bingo: And it's got a microphone!
Scene: Bingo grabs the spray wand and sings into it.
Bingo: ♫ La-la-la-la! ♫
Scene: Bluey leans down to look into a water jet.
Bluey: What are these things?
Scene: Bingo puts down the spray wand and picks up a plastic container.
Bingo: (gasps) Bluey.
Bluey: Is that bubble bath?!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo squeal in joy.
Scene: The scene changes to the kitchen.  Bandit is transferring food from their cooler to the fridge.  Chilli is looking in cabinets.
Chilli: Oh, they don't even give you dishwashing detergent.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run in with the container of bubble soap.
Bluey and Bingo: Mum, can we have a bubble bath?
Chilli: What?! No.  We're going to the beach.
Bluey and Bingo: Please!
Chilli: You can have a bath after you've been for a swim.
Bluey and Bingo: (moaning) Awww.
Bandit: Oh, go on, let them have a bath.  They're on holiday.
Bluey and Bingo: (gasp)
Chilli: Okay.  Fine.
Bluey and Bingo: YES!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off.
Chilli: I just thought it would be good to get down to the beach.
Bandit: Well, why don't you head down and we'll meet you there?
Chilli: Oh. Are you sure?
Bandit: Yeah, I got it covered up here. Go, relax.
Chilli: Well... Okay.
Scene: The scene changes to the entryway.  Chilli enters wearing her sunhat, carrying a bag and beach chair.
Chilli: Bye, kids. I'll see you soon.
Bluey and Bingo: (offscreen) Bye, Mum!
Scene: Chilli exits through the door.  The scene changes to the lift.
Scene: Chilli looks at herself in the mirror.  After a moment, she smiles widely.
Chilli: Geeee!
Scene: The scene changes to outside the hotel; there is a patio with a glass fence, with the beach outside.  Chilli opens the gate and walks through.
Scene: The scene changes to the beach.  Chilli sets up her chair and sits down.
Chilli: Okay, time to relax.
Scene: Chilli stares into space for a moment.  A fly buzzes around her face.  She waves it away
Chilli: Ooh! Off.
Scene: The scene changes to the master bathroom.  Bluey and Bingo are having a bubble bath, and Bandit is relaxing on the bed in the background. Bluey has sculpted the bubbles into a poodle cut, and Bingo has given herself a beard and moustache.  Bluey is singing into the spray wand.
Bluey: ♫ Ooh, I love bubbles, I love you, bubbles... ♫
Bingo: (deeply) Oh, you sing so well, babe.
Bandit: Hey, you want me to turn the spa on?
Bluey: ♫ What is a spa? ♫
Bandit: I'll show you.
Scene: Bandit gets up and walks into the bathroom.
Bandit: See those little holes?
Bluey: ♫ Yeeees. ♫
Bandit: Ready?
Scene: Bandit presses a button, and the water in the tub starts to churn.  Bluey and Bingo are jostled around and quickly lose their bubble hair.  They squeal and giggle.
Scene: The scene changes back to Chilli on the beach.  She is now holding her book.  She opens it.
Chilli: Okay, chapter one. (reading) Wherever you go, there you are. You need to—
Scene: Chilli slams the book shut.
Chilli: Actually, I should just enjoy the beach a bit before I start reading.
Scene: Chilli stares into space for less than a second.  She opens the book again.
Chilli: No, I should read my book.
Scene: The scene changes back to the master bedroom.  Bluey and Bingo walk in with towel turbans, holding their hands in a fancy way.
Bluey: (snootily) Did you enjoy that spa bath, Olympia?
Bingo: (snootily) Oh, yes, Melinda, I certainly did.
Scene: They exit into the hallway, humming.  The scene changes to the living room, where Bluey and Bingo enter. They stop in front of a recliner.
Bluey: (snootily) We are fancy ladies.
Bingo: (snootily) Indeed.
Bluey: (normally) Ooh, this chair has a handle. That's fancy.
Bingo: (normally) What happens when you pull it?
Scene: Bluey shrugs.
Bluey: (in the cadence of I dunno) mm-mm-mm.
Scene: 'Bluey pulls the lever.  The foot rest extends, knocking Bingo over.  Bluey and Bingo both squeal and laugh.
Bingo: Again!
Scene: The scene changes to the entryway.  The door opens, and Chilli enters with her beach stuff.  As she sets her stuff down by the door, Bandit walks in, with the now empty trolley.
Bandit: What are you doing here?
Chilli: I don't know how to relax.
Bandit: Aww, come here.
Scene: Bandit hugs her.  Chilli looks over his shoulder, sadly.
Scene: Chilli It's harder than it looks.
Scene: The recliner thumps, and Bluey and Bingo squeal and laugh from offscreen.  Bandit lets go of the hug, and puts his hand on Chilli's shoulder.
Bandit: I'll tell you what, you want to learn to relax, go and get some tips from the masters.
Scene: The scene changes to the living room.  Bingo has both hands on the recliner lever, and Bluey is crouching in front of it.
Bingo: Yeah, a little bit this way.
Scene: Bluey sidles two steps to camera left.
'Bingo: Wait, no, back that way.
Scene: Bluey sidles one step to camera right.
Bluey: Mum, watch this.
Chilli: Watch what?
Scene: Bingo pulls the lever, launching Bluey forward to land on her bum.  Bluey and Bingo both squeal and laugh.
Chilli: Hah! You guys are crazy!
Bingo: My turn!
Scene: The camera focuses on Chilli, as the kids squeal offscreen.
Chilli: You kids just go about it, don't you?
Scene: The camera pulls back.  Bluey launches Bingo.  The kids giggle.  Bandit enters with a mug of tea, which he hands to Chilli.
Bandit: Here, babe. Go on, go hit the deck.
Scene: Chilli exits, as Bingo launches Bluey again.
Scene: The camera changes to the balcony.  Chilli closes the sliding door behind her as the kids continue to squeal and laugh.  The background noise fades as she walks to the railing and leans on it.
Chilli: Just go about it.
Scene: Chilli inhales deeply, then exhales with a sigh.  The background music, which has been riffing on the Shaker hymn Simple Gifts, swells into a complete verse of the song.
Scene: The scene changes to show the tops of pine trees blowing in the breeze.  Then, we see the sky, with the distance silhouettes of seagulls.  Then, we see the calm ocean, with a distant container ship.  The scene comes back to Chilli.  She blinks slowly and smiles.  She sets her tea down and lays back on a deck chair.  She closes her eyes
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run in, both holding a pair of remote controls.
Bluey and Bingo: Mum, there's four remote controls!
Scene: Chilli doesn't open her eyes as she responds.
Chilli: (cheerfully) Oh, great!
Bingo: (gasps) Bluey, look!
Scene: The camera moves to show the view from the balcony, as Bluey and Bingo press their faces to the glass balcony railing.  We see all the elements from the earlier montage together in one shot.
Bluey and Bingo: Woooooow! Can we go to the beach?!
Scene: Chilli laughs and opens her eyes.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is another verse of Simple Gifts.  Bluey and Bingo in towel turbans walk daintily across the screen, in front of the credits.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode opens with a shot of a restaurant table.  We see two plates of mostly-finished food, and a basket of dog biscuits.  A fly buzzes around and lands on the remains of a breadstick.  Cut to the lobby.  Bluey is giving a laughing bingo a piggyback ride.  The lobby contains a large purple claw machine, titled PLUSH GALAXY.
Bluey: Bingo, look at this.
Scene: Bingo gets down off Bluey's back.
Bluey: Look!
Scene: Cut to a reverse shot from inside the claw machine.  Bluey and Bingo have their faces pressed right up to the glass.
Bluey: Chocolate Doodads!
Bluey [voiceover]: This episode of Bluey is called The Claw.
Scene: Cut to Chilli and Bandit sitting at a table.  Bandit is slumped down in his chair, having already finished his meal; Chilli still has most of her salad.
Bandit: (sighing in contentment) Ahhh!
Scene: Bingo runs up to him.
Bandit: Hey, fun size!
Bingo: (barking excitedly) Wuff! Wuff! Wuff!
Bandit: Use your words, Bingo!
Bingo: Can we have a coin for the claw thing?
Bandit: Can we have a coin for the claw thing, p--, pl--, ple--, plea--, plea--, plea--, plea--
Bingo: Please!
Scene: Bandit throws her a coin, which falls on the floor.  Bingo picks it up and runs away.
Bandit: You're welcome.
Scene: Bingo arrives back at the claw machine.
Bingo: I got one.
Bluey: Put it in!
Scene: Bingo inserts the coin.  The machine lights up and plays a fanfare.  An electronic version of Pachelbel's Canon plays.  Bluey pulls on the joystick, and the claw moves around.
Bingo: Look, it's moving!  Push the flashy button!
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: The claw descends on the Chocolate Doodads, but it fails to grab them.  The claw retracts, and the machine shuts off with a loud thud.  There is a moment of silence.
Bluey: (outraged) What?!
Scene: Cut to the car, on the ride home.
Bluey: Hmph.  Silly claw machine.
Bandit: It wouldn't be exciting if you won every time.
Bluey: Yes, it would.
Scene: Cut to the entryway.  Chilli opens the front door, and Bingo and Bluey enter the house, still upset.
Bluey: Ughh!
Chilli: I know how to cheer you up.  Go get some stuffed toys and a chopstick.
Bluey and Bingo: Okay.
Scene: In the playroom, Bluey grabs a plush frog and a plush dog in a party hat.  In the kids' bedroom, Bingo grabs a plush dolphin.
Bingo: Come on, Greydancer.
Scene: In the kitchen, Bluey is rummaging in a drawer.  She pulls out a chopstick.  In the playroom, Chilli is sitting cross-legged on the kiwi rug.  Bluey and Bingo walk in, arms full of stuffed animals.
Chilli: Okay, give 'em here.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo give Chilli the toys, which she dumps in her lap.  She holds the chopstick with the back of her knee, making a joystick.  She holds her left arm up to make a claw.
Chilli: Dee-do-do!  Please insert your coin to win fabulous prizes.
Bluey and Bingo: (giggle)
Scene: Chilli holds our her right hand to receive a coin.  Bluey goes to place an imaginary coin in her hand, but Chilli interrupts.
Chilli: (whispering) you have to say Cha-ching!
Scene: Bluey places the imaginary coin in Chilli's hand
Bluey: Cha-ching!
Chilli: Do-dee-do!
Scene: Bluey operates the joystick, and Chilli moves her arm around in response, making whirring noises.  Bluey pushes an imaginary button on Chilli's knee.
Bluey: Boop.
Scene: Chilli reaches into the pile of toys, and pulls out a plush cloud and a stuffed bear, which she drops on the floor.
Bingo: Yeah!
Scene: Bingo hugs the stuffed bear enthusiastically.  Bluey picks up the cloud, looking a bit disappointed.
Chilli: Congratulations!  Enough toys for all!
Bingo: Yee!
Chilli: You wanna play again, Bluey?
Bluey: Uh, no thanks.  It's not the same.
Scene: Bluey drops the stuffed cloud.
Bandit: That's not how you do it.
Scene: Bandit grabs the chopstick and shoos Chilli out of the way, sitting down in her place.
Chilli: Hey!  Oh, here we go.  Strap yourselves in, kids.
Scene: Bandit takes the same claw machine pose as Chilli.
Bandit: Ding-da-da-ding-ding-ding! Brrt-brrt-brrt!
Bandit: (mechanically) Insert coin for awesome prizes.
Scene: Bluey puts a pretend coin in Bandit's hand.
Bluey: (giggles) Cha-ching!
Scene: Bandit imitates a buzzer and tosses the imaginary coin over his shoulder.
Bandit: (mechanically) This machine doesn't take imaginary coins.  Go and get a job and earn real ones.
Bluey and Bingo: (laughter)
Bluey: Mum, can we have some real coins?
Scene: Bandit tickle's Bluey's back.
Bandit: Zzzzt!
Bluey: Aaaah!  (laughs)
Bandit: (mechanically) I said go and get a job.
Chilli: Well... if you kids make Mum and Dad's bed, I'll give you 20 cents.
Bluey: Ooh! Come on, Bingo!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo run off.
Chilli: (coldly) I'm watching you, Magic Claw.
Scene: In Chilli and Bandit's bedroom, the kids are making the bed poorly.  Bluey chucks a pillow onto the bed, and Bingo pulls the duvet even further out of place.  They both nod proudly.  Back to the playroom.
Scene: Chilli Here you go.  One coin.
Scene: She gives Bingo a 20-cent coin.  The girls run over to Bandit, and Bingo gives him the coin.
Bingo: Cha-ching!
Bandit: (mechanically) Ding-da-da-ding-ding-ding!  You have one turn. Best of luck.
Bingo: Ooh, I want Greydancer.
Scene: Bingo moves the joystick, and Bandit moves his hand, imitating the claw machine whirring.
Bandit: Bzzzt!
Bingo: Yeah.
Scene: Bingo nudges the joystick and overshoots.
Bandit: Bzzzt!
Bingo: Ooh!
Scene: She moves it back.
Bandit: Bzzzt!
Bingo: Ee!
Scene: The claw is right over Greydancer.
Bingo: Okay. Beep!
Scene: She presses the button.  The claw descends, grabbing Greydancer.
Bluey: (gasps)
Scene: The claw slowly rises, holding Greydancer.
Bingo: Yeah, yeah.  Yes!
Chilli: Yeah, Bingo!
Scene: Bluey Hooray!
Scene: The claw reaches the top - and opens, dropping the toy.
Bandit: (imitating the game powering down)  Beyoooo...
Bluey: What? No!
Scene: Bingo is tearing up.
Bandit: (mechanically) You lose! You lose! You lose!
Bingo: Greydancer!
Scene: Bingo runs to Chilli for a hug.
Chilli: (angrily) Magic Claw!
Bandit: (mechanically) Insert more coins!
Bluey: Come on, Bingo! Let's do more jobs.
Scene: Bluey runs off, Bingo follows, still looking sad.  In a hallway, Bingo is awkwardly over-watering a houseplant, spilling water onto the floor.  Bluey is dusting a cabinet, knocking books onto the floor.  Back in the playroom, Bandit is writing on a block.  Chilli is holding out her hand with a 20-cent coin on it.
Bandit: (normally) This is great.  They're learning a lesson, and we get the house cleaned.
Chilli: Neither of those things are happening.
Scene: Bluey runs in, grabbing the coin from Chilli's hand.  Bingo follows at a walk.
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Bandit resumes the Magic Claw pose, with the block now in the prize pile.
Bandit: (mechanically) Boop-boop!
Bluey: Let's do this. Cha-ching!
Scene: Bluey operates the joystick, a look of intense concentration on her face.  Dad imitates the claw whirring.
Bluey: Boop!
Scene: The claw descends.  It grabs nothing.
Bandit: (imitating buzzer) Bzzzt!
Bandit: (mechanically) Ding, ding, ding, ding. You lose!
Bluey: Dad! This isn't fair!
Bandit: (mechanically) I am not Dad. I am Magic Claw. Magic Claw has no children. His days are free and easy.
Bluey: Ohh!
Scene: Bluey takes the joystick again, and starts moving the claw around.
Bingo: Greydancer's getting lonely without me.
Bluey: I tried to get her, Bingo, but this Magic Claw is too hard.
Scene: Bluey continues moving the claw around.
Bingo: Ooh.
Chilli: (gasps)
Bingo: Ooh.
Chilli: Now! Push the button!
Bluey: Boop!
Scene: The claw descends, and comes up holding Greydancer and a blue ball.
Bandit: (imitating fanfare) Da-da-da-da-da-da-da!
Bandit: (mechanically) Congratulations. You are a winner.
Chilli: Yes!
Bluey: Yeah!
Bingo: You did it!
Scene: Bingo hugs Greydancer.
Bingo: Oh, Greydancer, I missed you.
Scene: Bluey chucks the ball over her shoulder.
Bluey: Again!
Chilli: Okay, let's play something different now.
Scene: Bandit points at the block.
Bandit: (mechanically) Oh, what's this? Some sort of bonus prize.
Bluey and Bingo: Ooh!
Bluey: What does it say on it?
Chilli: It says... two bottomless bowls of ice cream for the holder.  You spelled holder wrong.
Bingo: (chuckles) Bottomless.
Bluey: What's that mean?
Chilli: It means if you get that block, you get as much ice cream as you want after dinner tonight.
Bluey and Bingo: Whoo!
Bluey: Ice cream!
Chilli: But don't get excited, 'cause I know your Dad.
Bandit: (mechanically) I am not Dad.
Bluey: We need more coins!
Bingo: Ohh.  Not more chores.
Bandit: (mechanically) Magic Claw will give you one coin for that dolphin toy.
Bluey: Okay.
Scene: Bluey grabs Greydancer from Bingo.
Bingo: Greydancer!
Chilli: Bluey!
Bluey: Please, Bingo.  After I win the ice cream bottom block, I'll win Greydancer back, too. Yeah? Yeah?
Bingo: Uh, okay.
Scene: Bluey tosses Greydancer back into the pile.
Bandit: (mechanically) Da-ding-ding! Nice doing business with you.
Scene: Bandit tosses Bluey a coin, which she puts right back in his hand.
Bluey: Cha-ching!
Scene: She operates the claw again.
Bluey: Boop!
Scene: The claw descends, grabbing the block.
Scene: Bluey I got it!
Bingo: Bring it up!
Chilli: (laughs)
Scene: The claw strains, but is unable to lift the block.
Bandit: (mechanically) Apologies, valued customer. The block is too heavy for Claw to lift. Better luck next time.  (Imitates shutting down) De-doot bwooooo.
Bluey and Bingo: (gasp)
Chilli: What?!
Bingo: Oh, no! Greydancer's stuck forever.
Bandit: (normally) You see, kids, the lesson is --
Bluey: Tickle him!
Scene: Bluey pounces, tackling Bandit to the floor.
Bandit: (mechanically) Stop, canines! Do not tickle Magic Claw!
Scene: Bandit growls and hugs Bluey.  Bingo runs in and smooshes them both with a beanbag chair, then tickles Bandit's foot.
Bingo: Yaaaaah!
Chilli: That's a girl, Bingo! Stick it to the man!
Scene: Bluey's hand pops out from under the beanbag, holding the block.
Bluey: I've got it!
Scene: Bingo pulls Greydancer out from under the beanbag.
Bingo: Greydancer!
Scene: Bluey jumps out from under the beanbag.  Bandit throws it off and stands up.  Bingo and Bluey flee.
Bluey: Come on, Bingo!
Bandit: (mechanically) Bzz! Machine uprising!
Scene: Bandit follows, walking robotically.  He bashes his shin on a kid-size table.
Bandit: (normally) Ow!
Scene: He falls over, clutching his leg.  Bingo throws Greydancer at him.
Bingo: Get him, Greydancer!
Scene: Bingo, Bluey, and Chilli laugh as they all pelt him with stuffed animals.
Bandit: Ooh! Oh! Ah! Ooh!
Chilli: Yeah!
Scene: The scene changes, it is not after dinner in the dining room.  Bluey and Bingo are eating Neapolitan ice cream.  They finish their bowls, and Bluey waves the block in the air.
Bluey: More ice cream, please!
Bandit: (tiredly) Okay.
Scene: As Bandit scoops up more ice cream, we see that he's wearing an elastic bandage on his leg.
Chilli: So, did we learn anything today?
Bingo: No.
Bluey: Nope.
Bandit: Yes.  These kids are awesome.
Scene: [End credits]
Scene: The credits music is the claw machine music - an electronic version of Pachelbel's Canon.
<|endoftext|>
Scene: The episode begins at a holiday house, where the Heelers are staying. They go for a walk. Bluey rides her scooter.
Bluey: Yah!
Bandit: Nice moves, Bluey.
Chilli: Come on, Bingo.
Scene: Bingo rides her scooter, falling behind the rest of the family.
Bingo: How much further is it?
Bandit: We only just left the holiday house.
Bingo: My legs are tired.
Bandit: Are they really tired or are you just binging it on?
Bingo: They're really tired. I can't go any further.
Scene: Bluey rides her scooter back to Bingo.
Bluey: Bingo, ice cream shop!
Bingo: Ice cream!
Bluey and Bingo: Yah!
Scene: Bluey and Bingo ride their scooters ahead of Bandit and Chilli. Bandit and Chilli roll their eyes.
Bluey: This episode of Bluey is called, Piggyback.
Scene: The scene changes to the front of the ice cream shop, which is closed.
Bluey: Oh, it's closed.
Bingo: Aww.
Bandit: If it helps, I wouldn't have bought you one anyway.
Bluey: Dad! (rides her scooter offscreen)
Bingo: Can I have a piggyback?
Bandit: No, you can walk yourself. We're only going up to the river and back.
Bingo: Aw, that's too far.
Bandit: It's not too far.
Bingo: Why do we have to walk? Why can't we just drive?
Chilli: Because it's good exercise.
Bandit: Tell you what, when your legs really can't go any further, I'll give you a piggy back.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bluey rides her scooter back to the family.
Bluey: Come on, Bingo, let's race.
Bingo: No, you always win.
Chilli: Go on, Bingo. I'll give you a turbo boost.
Bingo: Ooh, okay. Dad has to be the finish line.
Bandit: Yeah, alright. (he runs offscreen)
Chilli: You ready?
Bingo: Ready.
Chilli: Turbo boost!
Scene: Chilli pushes Bingo. Bingo squeals.
Scene: Bluey rides her scooter ahead of Bingo
Bluey: I'm gonna win!
Bingo: Hey!
Bandit: Finish line. Finish line. (runs backwards away from the girls) Finish line. Finish line.
Scene: Bandit continues to say Finish line as the girls try to reach him.
Bluey: Hey, finish line, come back!
Bingo: (giggles) Wait, finish line.
Bluey: Go, Bingo.
Scene: Bandit starts running out of breath and beings to slow down. He continues to say Finish line tiredly. The girls eventually pass Bandit.
Bluey and Bingo: Hooray. (they get off their scooters) We win! (they giggle)
Bandit: (pants) That's good exercise. Come on, let's keep going.
Scene: Bluey gets on her scooter and rides away.
Bingo: Can I have a piggyback yet?
Bandit: Well, can you walk another step?
Bingo: No, I can't walk another step.
Bluey: (offscreen) Hey Bingo, look at this.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo runs to Bluey offscreen, leaving her scooter behind. Bluey is looking at a trail of itchity grubs on the footpath.
Bluey: It's an itchity grub family.
Bingo: Ooh, hello, itchity grubs.
Bluey: They're out for a walk.
Bingo: I wonder if their legs get tired from walking too.
Scene: Indistinct talking can be heard in the background.
Bluey: Oh no.
Scene: The camera zooms out to reveal a mother with a stroller is on the footpath walking towards the girls and itchity grubs. The mother is listening to her phone.
Bingo: The little itchities will be hurt.
Scene: Bluey gasps.
Bingo: Excuse me, look out for the little itchity grubs.
Scene: The mother lifts the stroller over the path of itchity grubs. The baby's pacifier falls out the stroller and onto the footpath.
Bingo: Thank you.
Bluey: Phew.
Scene: Chilli and Bandit walk onscreen. Bandit carries Bingo's scooter.
Chilli: Not far now, kids.
Bingo: Mum, I need a piggyback. I can't walk anymore steps.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo, (points to the pacifier) can you please run this back to that mummy?
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: Bingo picks up the pacifier. She and Bluey start walking back towards the mother. Bandit and Chilli continue to walk forward. The girls eventually catch up with them. Bluey rides her scooter as she passes Bandit and Chilli.
Bingo: I did it.
Chilli: Good girl, Bingo.
Bingo: (singing happily) Doot-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Bandit: Bingo, are your legs still tired?
Scene: Bingo stops walking and opens her eyes wide. Her face then becomes gloomy.
Bingo: Aww, yes.
Bandit: Aw, bummer. I wanted to give some of those pine cones to your mum.
Bingo: Ooh, I'll get 'em.
Scene: Bingo runs ahead of Bandit and Chilli, leaving them behind. When she gets to the pine cones, Bluey can be seen hitting a tree with a stick.
Bluey: Hey Bingo, give me a hand.
Bingo: Two seconds.
Scene: Bingo runs back towards her parents with the pine cones. She gives them to Bandit.
Bandit: Thanks, mate. She loves pine cones.
Chilli: Aw.
Scene: Bingo runs back to Bluey. She picks up a stick and starts hitting the tree. They giggle. Bingo's stick breaks. They giggle again. Bluey gets on her scooter and rides away. Bandit and Chilli walk onscreen. Bingo's face becomes gloomy again.
Bingo: Can I have a piggyback now?
Bandit: Not yet.
Scene: The camera zooms in on Bingo.
Bingo: Aww, but my legs just don't wanna walk anymore.
Scene: The camera zooms out to reveal a bin chicken is on the footpath.
Chilli: Bin chicken!
Scene: Bingo yells and starts chasing the bin chicken. She catches up to Bluey, who follows along, leavinng her scooter.
Bluey: Bin chicken!
Scene: Bingo giggles. Bluey screams.
Scene: The bin chicken squawks.
Bluey and Bingo: You cheeky ibis!
Bluey: Hey Bingo, let's sneak up on Mum and Dad.
Bingo: Okay.
Scene: They hide behind an outdoor grill. They both giggle.
Bluey: Shh.
Scene: Chilli and Bandit walk onscreen. Chilli carries Bluey's scooter.
Bandit: Ah, such a peaceful walk.
Chilli: Yeah, so peaceful.
Scene: Bluey and Bingo jump out from behind the grill and frighten Chilli and Bandit. Chilli and Bandit set the girls' scooters down.
Chilli: Oh, you got us!
Scene: Chilli and Bandit chase Bluey and Bingo around the grill.
Bandit: Come here, you little pickles. (climbs on top of the grill) Come here, you.
Scene: Bandit jumps off the grill and grabs Bingo. Chilli grabs Bluey. They eventually set them down.
Bingo: Do that again.
Scene: Bluey gets on her scooter and rides away.
Bandit: Yeah yeah, on the way back.
Bingo: Aww, how much farther to the river?
Scene: Chilli picks up Bingo's scooter.
Bandit: Not far, come on. Let's keep going.
Bingo: But I can't keep going.
Chilli: Well, how about we play chariots? (she picks up a palm branch and wraps it around Bingo's scooter while she holds the two ends of the branch)
Bingo: Yeah, chariot!
Scene: Chilli gallops like a horse. Bingo giggles.
Bandit: Oh, come on. Heeya
Scene: Bandit hits Chilli in the back, making her speed up. She catches up to Bluey. Chilli neighs.
Bluey: I'm going to beat you, chariot!
Bingo: Oh no. I'll help you, horsey.
Scene: Bingo uses her foot to help the scooter speed up, but Bluey still passes them up as Chilli tires out. Chilli neighs.
Bluey: I win!
Scene: Chilli drops the palm branch.
Chilli: That's good exercise. Phew.
Bingo: Can I just have a teensy little piggyback?
Bandit: Nah, (he picks up Bingo's scooter) you'll miss out on too much fun stuff down on the ground.
Bingo: Oh, like what fun stuff?
Bluey: Dad, I'll race you to that bubbler.
Bandit: Okay. Bingo, can you say Ready, set, go?
Bingo: Yeah! Ready, set, goat.
Scene: Bluey and Bandit begin running forward, but Bingo interrupts.
Bingo: Hey, I didn't say go, I said goat.
Bandit: What? Goat? Bingo.
Bluey: Oh, Bingo.
Scene: Chilli laughs.
Bingo: Ready, set, go-anna.
Scene: Bluey and Bandit begin running forward again, but Bingo interrupts them again.
Bingo: Hey, come back. I didn't say go I said go-anna. (giggles)
Bandit: Oh, not again.
Scene: Bluey and Bandit walk back to the start line. Before they reach the start line, Bingo signals them to go. Bluey is ahead of Bandit when Bingo signals them to go.
Bingo: (fast) Ready set go.
Bandit: What?
Scene: Bluey screams and starts taking off. Chilli laughs.
Chilli: Come on, Bingo. Not far to the river now.
Scene: Bingo walks forward, but becomes slow and eventually falls to the ground.
Chilli: Oh, Bingo.
Bingo: I need a piggyback.
Chilli: You know what I've noticed?
Bingo: What have you noticed?
Chilli: I've noticed that your legs don't get as tired when you're having fun.
Bingo: Ooh. (lifts her legs) Can I noticed that too?
Chilli: Sure can. Watch. Gingerbread Man!
Scene: The camera zooms in on Bingo's face. When it zooms out, she gets up and runs.
Bingo: Run, run as fast as you can. You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man.
Scene: The camera shifts to a front view of Bingo as she runs from Chilli.
Chilli: Stop, stop, little Gingerbread Man!
Scene: Bingo giggles. She runs past Bluey.
Bluey: Stop, stop, little Gingerbread Man. (she follows Bingo on her scooter) You look good to eat.
Bingo: I have run away from a little old woman and I can run away from you too, little old man.
Scene: Bluey gets off her scooter and starts running. Chilli grabs Bluey's scooter.
Bingo: Run, run as fast as you can. You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man.
Scene: Bingo giggles. She runs past Bandit, who is sitting on a bench. Bandit gets up, grabs Bingo's scooter, and chases Bingo.
Bandit: Stop, stop, little Gingerbread Man. I'm a friendly fox. I just wanna talk to you.
Bingo: Run, run as fast as you can. You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man.
Scene: Bingo makes it to the end of the footpath with a view of the river. She giggles.
Bingo: Ah, the riverbank.
Bandit: You did it, little Gingerbread Man. You made it all the way to the riverbank. Well done. Now pop on, I'll give you a piggyback home. (shakes his back) Your legs must be so tired.
Bingo: No, you'll just try to eat me. (giggles and runs around Bandit)
Bandit: Huh?
Bingo: Run, run as fast as you can. (runs away) You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man.
Scene: As Bingo runs away, Bluey runs onscreen.
Bluey: Is she gonna run all the way home?
Bandit: Ah, looks like it.
Scene: Chilli runs onscreen carrying Bluey's scooter.
Chilli: (panting) Come on, you lot, get after her.
Bluey: Yeah, it's good exercise. (runs away)
Chilli: Looks like her legs aren't tired anymore.
Bandit: I was gonna giver her a piggyback.
Chilli: Well, if there's one going. (jumps on Bandit's back)
Scene: Bandit groans. He strains as he carries Chilli.
Scene: End credits.
Scene: The end credits theme is the same as the episode's theme.
<|endoftext|>
